Donald Trump looks at this violence and sees a political lifeline. He failed to protect America, so now he's trying to scare
Folks, we're just hours away from our first end-of-month fundraising deadline of the general election. We need your help to hit our goal and show Donald Trump we have what it takes to win in November. If you're able, please chip in today:
The truth is Donald Trump can't stop the violence, because for years he has fomented
Anyone who met Amari will tell you that he was a charismatic young manpoised for greatness. He was ready and willing to take on the world. I can tell you that in years, we all would have been saying, Amari for President. AmariForPresident
More cops have died from COVID this year than have been killed on patrol. Nearly one in six small businesses in this country are closed. Do you really feel safer under Trump?
Mr. President, its high time you condemn violence of any form.
Donald Trump keeps telling us if he was president, you'd feel safe. Well, he is president whether he knows it or not.
Trump and Pence are running on this: You wont be safe in Joe Bidens America. And whats their proof? The violence youre seeing in Donald Trumps America.
The simple truth is Donald Trump failed to protect America. So now, hes trying to scare America.
I want a safe America safe from COVID, safe from crime and looting, safe from racially motivated violence, safe from bad cops. And lets be crystal clear: Safe from four more years of Donald Trump.
Donald Trump may believe mouthing the words law and order makes him strong, but his failure to call on his own supporters to stop acting as an armed militia in this country shows you how weak he is.
Donald Trump cant stop the violence we're seeing today because for years he has fomented it. Tune in as I discuss the need for justice and safety in America:
Does anyone believe there will be less violence in America if Donald Trump is reelected?
We are facing so many crises under Donald Trump: COVID. Economic devastation. Unwarranted police violence. Emboldened white nationalists. A reckoning on race. Declining faith in a bright American future. The common thread? A president who makes things worse not better.
Were going to build back better and we will do it while creating a brighter future for you and your families. This week KamalaHarris and I sit down to discuss how we are going to move forwardtogether. Join us on
Theres a lot happening, but I hope we dont overlook the brave fire fighters & emergency responders in the wake of Hurricane Laura. When the storm hit, they stayed behindeven while their homes were being destroyedto help their community recover. True American heroes.
This video is doctored and a flagrant attempt to spread misinformation at the expense of a man who uses assistive technology. It should be removed. Now.
Im thrilled to announce our grassroots fundraiser with our friends. I hope youll join DrBiden, JVN, Karamo, TanFrance, Antoni, and BobbyBerk this Tuesday. Chip in to reserve your spot:
Donald Trump has been president for almost four years. The temperature in the country is higher, tensions run stronger, divisions run deeper. And all of us are less safe because he cant do the job of the American president.
We must not become a country at war with ourselves. A country that accepts the killing of fellow Americans who do not agree with you. A country that vows vengeance toward one another. But that is the America that President Trump wants us to be, the America he believes we are.
The deadly violence we saw overnight in Portland is unacceptable. Shooting in the streets of a great American city is unacceptable. I condemn violence of every kind by anyone, whether on the left or the right. And I challenge Donald Trump to do the same.
We run this campaign led by the values that guide my life - honesty, integrity, and compassion. KamalaHarris and I are hard at work and want to let you into the conversation. Join us this
No lies, fear-mongering, or malarkey. Just an honest conversation about the future of our nation. Tune in this
I believe we're so much better than what we saw this week at the RNC. This is our moment to choose love over hate, hope over fear, fact over fiction. We'll overcome this era of American darkness,
I dont know a single person who believes any part of this pandemic has been a good thing'. Secretary DeVos and President Trump refuse to take this virus seriouslyour children are paying the price.
I believe there's not a single thing the American people can't accomplish if we do it together. We're going to overcome these crises and emerge stronger than before.
Folks, were just a few days away from our biggest end-of-month deadline yet and we need your help to hit our goal. Every donation big or small makes a big difference. Please chip in today:
The only thing this president has done alone is fail
We have a president more interested in beating people at golf than beating COVID-19.
I promise you this: A Biden-Harris Administration will always listen to
The true power of ChadwickBoseman was bigger than anything we saw on screen. From the Black Panther to Jackie Robinson, he inspired generations and showed them they can be anything they want even super heroes. Jill and I are praying for his loved ones at this difficult time.
America was built on a simple idea: All men and women are created equal. Its time we ensured all people are treated equally as well.
The President incites violence, inspires white-supremacist shooters, and his failed COVID response is costing thousands of lives per day. When you look at the world right now, ask yourself: Do you feel safe in Trumps America?
America is at an inflection point. The calls for racial justice that sparked the March on Washington years ago are ringing out again today. As we honor the legacy of that day let's meet this moment with the urgency and action that our heroes marched for half a century
Donald Trump put our nation on the sidelines. Lets get back in the
I know from personal experience how important access to quality, affordable health care is for a family. I know the peace of mind it brings. It's why as president, I promise I'll protect your children's health care as if they were my
As we mark the th anniversary of the March on Washington and Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.'s 'I Have a Dream' speech, we must continue the hard work of perfecting our union. It's up to all of us to carry on the march toward equality, liberty, and justice for all.
I am grateful for your friendship and leadership, AbeShinzo. Im sad to see you step down, but I know the strong alliance between our countries and peoples will continue for generations to come. Wishing you good health in the years ahead, my
Mr. President, Americans are canceling weddings and holding funerals without family. They're sacrificing so more Americans don't have to die. But instead of leading by example, you hosted a super spreader event on the South Lawn. When will you take the presidency seriously?
We can't let George Floyd and Jacob Blake become just another pair of hashtags. This is a moment of action. It's long past time we reform policing, reverse systemic racism, and make our communities safer.
Times of crisis often bring out our best as Americans and we're seeing that right now in the aftermath of Hurricane Laura. Thank you to all of our emergency responders who are working around the clock to help people get back on their feet.
Tonight is yet another reminder of what's at stake in this election. Who we are, what we stand for, and who we want to be it's all on the ballot this November. We have to beat Donald Trump. Chip in to help us do it:
Its time we bring integrity back to the White
Remember: every example of violence Donald Trump decries has happened on his watch. Under his leadership. During his presidency.
Leadership requires foresight.
From the moment COVID-19 emerged, President Trump downplayed the threat it posed, refused to listen to the experts, and failed to take action to contain its spread. Now, were paying the price.
Donald Trump promised to be the greatest jobs president God ever created. Instead, tens of millions of Americans are out of work and we're facing the worst economic crisis since the Great Depression. PromisesBroken
Donald Trump didn't build a wall around America, the world built a wall around
Donald Trump is right, this is the most important election in the history of our country. Chip in to help us get him out of the White House:
Donald Trump calls himself a wartime president. But now, instead of leading the charge to defeat this virus, hes waved the white flag. He abandoned the American people when we needed him most.
When President Trump took office, he inherited a growing economy from the Obama-Biden administration. And just like everything else hes inherited in his life, he squandered
President Trump has failed our
- lives lost - Nearly million confirmed cases of COVID-19 - Over million Americans out of work - Countless small businesses on the brink of closing That's Donald Trump's America. We're living it every day. We can't take four more years.
When Donald Trump says tonight you wont be safe in Joe Bidens America, look around and ask yourself: How safe do you feel in Donald Trumps America?
This news is deeply disturbing as an alum of UDelaware and as an American. We need a full and swift investigation into what happened Tuesday night. With anti-Semitism on the rise across the country, we all have a moral obligation to speak out and give hate no safe harbor.
President Trump doesnt want a second term. He wants a do-over. As he takes the stage tonight, remember: he alone is responsible for the chaos in our country. Together, we can stop it.
Donald Trump and Republicans must have forgotten about the American lives lost due to COVID-19. I promise you that, as president, I never will.
I couldn't be more ready for KamalaHarris to be the next Vice President. Chip in to help us make history:
Immigrants are not your political props, Mr. President.
Last night, Vice President Mike Pence stood before America and with a straight face said, You wont be safe in Joe Bidens America. His proof? The violence youre seeing in Donald Trumps America.
Tune in as KamalaHarris discusses President Trumps failure to lead on COVID-19 and what a Biden-Harris administration will do differently:
They got it wrong the first time. They will get it wrong
The cruelty of this president truly knows no bounds. We cant let him gut Social Security and eliminate funding for disability benefits.
To lead America, you have to understand America. I know how hard it is for folks who are sick, struggling, and wondering how they'll get through the day. You deserve a president who will fight for you and lead our nation out of these crises. I'll get started on day
Jill and I are praying for the safety of those in the path of Hurricane Laura. If you are in an impacted area, please heed the advice of local officials.
The contrast tonight couldn't be clearer: We can choose four more years of fear, division, and hate. Or we can choose a different path one of hope, unity, and light. Let's overcome this era of darkness, together:
people have died from this COVID crisis. And the heartbreaking truth is that it didn't have to happen this way.
This moment demands moral leadership. And these players answered by standing up, speaking out, and using their platform for good. Now is not the time for silence.
years ago today, the th Amendment was certified, giving some women the right to vote. But we still have further to go. We must carry forward the banner of equality and create that more perfect union we've always strived to be. WomensEqualityDay
As we celebrate WomensEqualityDay and the th anniversary of the th Amendment, we have got to renew our efforts to protect the sacred right to vote. Every eligible American should be able to make their voice heard at the ballot box. Period.
Amari was , not old enough to vote, but that didn't stop him from helping change the course of history. He brought his infectious passion and light to our campaign every day and made us all better in the process. Jill and I are keeping his loved ones in our prayers.
Once again, a Black man Jacob Blake was shot by the police. In front of his children. It makes me sick. Is this the country we want to be? Needless violence wont heal us. We need to end the violence and peacefully come together to demand
Vote early.
I know how to lead this nation through a crisis because I've done it before. I won't waste any time getting this virus under control and building our country back
President Trump can try and shift blame all he wants, but the fact is Maine's hardworking lobstermen and women are hurting under his watch. They deserve better. And as President, I will work to protect the livelihood and safety of the fishing community.
I promise you that as president, I will protect America. I will protect you and your family. I will defend our nation from threats seen and unseen. It's the least of what we should expect from an American president.
I believe the American people are ready for something better. This is our moment to prove hope is more powerful than fear, love is more powerful than hate, and light is more powerful than darkness. Join us:
When they say the best is yet to come, thats a
Ignore the polls. There's simply too much on the line to take anything for granted. Register to vote: Donate: Volunteer: We can't let up until November.
It's time for us, for We the People, to come together. Because united, we can and will overcome this season of darkness in
days.
Two years ago, we lost a genuine American hero, and to me, a true friend. John McCain never stopped pushing me and our nation to be better. I miss him
Just stay focused, folks. Lets get to work. Join our campaign:
Donald Trump is unfit to lead our nation. But dont just take my word for
. realDonaldTrump it didnt have to be this
The only person responsible for our failed COVID response is Donald Trump.
Together, united in our love for America and each other, well overcome this season of darkness and restore the soul of our
This moment is bigger than any one political party. We've got to come together as Americans to save our democracy and restore the soul of our nation. Thank you, Senator JeffFlake.
Yesterday, Jacob Blake was shot seven times in the back by police. His kids watched from the car. Today, we woke to grieve yet again. We need a full and transparent investigation.
President Obama and I established a White House office to prepare our nation for future pandemics. Donald Trump eliminated it and we've been paying the price every single day.
As president, the first step I will take will be to get control of the virus that's ruined so many lives. Because I understand something this president doesn't. We will never get our economy back on track until we deal with this virus.
. DrBiden and I are keeping everyone in the path of storms Laura and Marco in our prayers. Please take steps to prepare, heed the warnings of local authorities, and stay safe.
America is at an inflection point. We can choose the path of becoming angrier, less hopeful, and more divided. Or we can choose a different path, and together, take this chance to heal, to be reborn, to unite. A path of hope and light.
years after they joined hands to demand freedom from Soviet oppression, citizens of the Baltic states formed a human chain in solidarity with Belarusians fighting to throw off the chains of dictatorship. We stand with the people of Belarus as we stood with the Baltic nations.
I give you my word: If you entrust me with the presidency, I will draw on the best of us, not the worst. I will be an ally of the light, not of the darkness.
In times as challenging as these, I believe there is only one way forward: As a united
If I'm elected, I promise I'll work as hard for those who didn't support me as I will for those who
We can be the generation that finally wipes out the stain of racism from our national character. I believe the American people are up to
Love is more powerful than hate. Hope is more powerful than fear. Light is more powerful than darkness. This is our moment. This is our mission.
It will be the work of the next president to restore the promise of America for everyone. Thats my commitment to
America is a nation of immigrants. Each new generation that comes to our country makes us stronger. That became even truer yesterday when luisanaperezf, part of our campaign team in Florida, became a U.S. citizen. Thanks for choosing us,
We cant take four more years of Donald
To everyone celebrating the Hindu festival of Ganesh Chaturthi in the U.S., India, and around the world, may you overcome all obstacles, be blessed with wisdom, and find a path toward new beginnings.
I have always believed you can define America in one word: Possibilities. In America, everyone should be given the opportunity to go as far as their dreams and God-given ability will take them.
Together, we can and will rebuild our economy. And when we do, we'll not only build it back we'll build it back
Donald Trump has failed to protect the American people and that is
. DrBiden and I are keeping all those affected by the wildfires in California in our prayers. Please heed the warnings from local officials and stay safe.
Brayden When I was growing up, my mom always told me that bravery resides in every heart and that someday it will be summoned. Well, you summoned yours last night and showed the whole world that your stutter doesn't define you. I couldn't be prouder.
Folks, it's been a big week. To celebrate, and to help elect Democrats up-and-down the ballot, KamalaHarris, DrBiden, DouglasEmhoff and I are hosting a grassroots fundraiser. We'd love to see you there. Chip in to join us:
I give you my word: if you entrust me with the presidency, I will draw on the best of us instead of the worst. I will be an ally of the light instead of the darkness, and we will once again be united in our love for America and for each other. Join us:
Donald Trump continues to cozy up to Russia while Putin persecutes civil society and journalists. Now, opposition leader Alexei Navalny is in a coma after being poisoned. It's unacceptable. Unlike Trump, I'll defend our democratic values and stand up to autocrats like Putin.
You placed your faith in our campaign and I cant thank you enough. Im grateful for your support and honored to be the Democratic nominee. With days left, weve got to get to work. Chip in to help us win:
May history be able to say that the end of this chapter of American darkness began here, tonight as love and hope and light joined the battle for the soul of the
Character is on the ballot. Compassion is on the ballot. Decency, science, democracy. They are all on the
This campaign isn't just about winning votes. It's about winning the heart, and yes, the soul of
Our president has failed in his most basic duty to this nation. He failed to protect us. He failed to protect America. And that is unforgivable.
Who we are as a nation, what we stand for, and who we want to be that's on the ballot this November.
It is with great honor and humility that I accept this nomination for President of the United States of America.
I love you girls so much. I couldnt be prouder to be your Pop.
. StephenCurry30 and ayeshacurry: Thank you for your support. When Im president, you and your family are welcome at the White House any time. And, Riley and Ryan, the Vice President will be KamalaHarris. I think youll really like her.
Beau is with me every single day. If he was here tonight, he would remind me just be who you are. Im a better person because of him.
John Lewis was a dear friend. He was the best of who we are and what we can become. And he held onto the promise of this country until his final breath. We miss you, John.
Weve been tested. This is a critical moment. Tonight, well take the next step to restore leadership to this country and the White House. Watch live:
Im inspired to see folks from across the country coming together for the DemConvention. I'm more confident than ever we can beat Donald Trump but we have to stand together. If you're with us, chip in today:
As our Muslim friends and neighbors mark the start of the Islamic New Year and honor the sacrifice made during the holy month of Muharram, let us all recommit to standing together in the struggle for compassion, equality, and justice.
It's the honor of my life to be the Democratic nominee for President of the United States. Tune in at PM ET as I deliver my acceptance speech:
I first ran for Senate when I was years old, and Im as optimistic about our future now as I was then. Its time to set our nation on a new path. One where we finally live up to our highest ideals and everyone has a fair shot to get ahead.
Folks, it's the final night of the DemConvention and TeamJoe is hosting an after party that you won't want to miss. Sign up to join us:
The story of this campaign has had its ups and downs, but through its course weve brought our party and nation together. Now, its time for the final chapter. Lets do
From my days as a public defender to my time as Vice President Ive dedicated my entire life to serving this country, and Im not done
Tonight, I'll officially accept the nomination to be President of the United States of America. Before my speech, join us for a Grassroots Fest featuring James Taylor and Doug Emhoff. Chip in now to reserve your spot:
When I first launched my campaign, I said we're in a battle for the soul of this nation. As I accept the nomination tonight, it's clear what's at stake in the next days. We can and will win. Join us in the fight:
Donald Trump is not responsible for COVID-19 but he does bear full responsibility for the failed national response. We've got to hold him accountable this November.
Last night we made history when we nominated KamalaHarris to be the next Vice President. Watch the highlights from night three of the
. BarackObama led our nation back from the brink of economic collapse. He rallied the world to take on the scourge of terror and the threat of climate change. When he tells you that our democracy is on the line this fall: listen. Vote.
I believe theres not a single thing we cant do if we do it together. Chip in to help us build the movement that will beat Donald Trump and put me and KamalaHarris in the White House.
Kamala Harris will be an incredible Vice President. Now lets get to work. We dont have a minute to waste.
Donald Trump hasnt grown into the job because he cant.
Hillary: tonight, Im reminded of one of your favorite sayings rooted in the faith we both share: Do all the good you can, for all the people you can, in all the ways you can, for as long as you can. Thanks for always living by that, and reminding us to do the same.
I authored the Violence Against Women Act, and as president Ill expand our efforts to end gender-based violence. Thank you, Mariska, RuthMGlenn, and Carly Dryden for your courage and advocacy. Together, well get this done.
Ill just say what billieeilish said: vote like your life depends on it.
When I hear the words climate change, I hear another word: jobs. We can solve our climate crisis and our economic crisis at the same time.
Im doing this for Gabby. Im doing this for so many families who have lost a loved one to gun violence. Were going to be on the right side of history.
I made a promise to families hurt by gun violence to never, ever give up on the fight. Tonight, I make the same promise to you.
You heard KamalaHarris: Your voice is your vote. So get prepared for the election and make a plan for how youll cast your ballot. DemConvention
We cant go back to the way things were before these crises, because things werent working for far too many Americans. Tonight, well discuss our plans to build back better and set this nation on a new path.
When Hurricane Maria devastated Puerto Rico, the President threw paper towels and abandoned the victims. Turns out he even wanted to sell the island. He turned his back on Puerto Ricans, but I promise you this: I never will.
Lets make history tonight, KamalaHarris.
The truth is, there's not a lot of people whose opinion I valued more than Beau's. When I was deciding who to pick as my running mate, I thought a lot about his friendship with KamalaHarris and the respect he had for her. I know he'd be proud of my
They say choosing your running mate is the most important decision you make when youre running for president. Well, Im confident I made the right choice. Tonight, KamalaHarris speaks directly to America. Tune in at PM ET:
You are the rock of our family, Jilly. I am and have always been in awe of
When it comes down to it, Kamala and Doug share the same basic values set that Jill and I do and it all starts with family. Its at the very core of who we are. And its why Im confident theyre the best possible partners for the road ahead.
We have the power to write the future we want for this country and it starts at the ballot box this November. Register to vote today and lets get to work:
The brave citizens of Belarus are showing their voices will not be silenced by terror or torture. The U.S. should support Sviatlana Tsikhanouskaya's call for fair elections. Russia must be told not to interferethis is not about geopolitics but the right to choose one's leaders.
I might be a little biased, but I think DrBiden gave the best speech in convention history last night. Check it out along with other highlights from night two of the
Tonight made one thing clear: We need to restore real leadership to the White House and we need to do it now. Chip in to help us make it happen.

Jill loves fiercely, cares deeply, and nothing stops her when she sets her mind to making something right. For all of you across the country, just think of your favorite educator who gave you the confidence to believe in yourself. Thats the kind of First Lady Jill will be.
John McCain was a good man, and a good friend. He made this country better. I miss him dearly.
Thank you, AdyBarkan for your courage and for all that you do to ensure a more just, more equal America.
It is the honor of my life to accept the Democratic Party's nomination for President of the United States of America. DemConvention
Jacquelyn: Your nomination means the world to me. Thank you and I hope you know: we love you back.
. SallyQYates is right: This president has done nothing but use his position to benefit himself rather than our country
I remember helping President Carter with his campaign back when I was a first-term Senator. I'm deeply honored to have his support today. Thank you, Mr. President.
These young leaders represent not just the next generation, but the diversity of our great nation.
America is an idea stronger than any army and bigger than any ocean. Its more powerful than any dictator or tyrant. It offers hope.
Last night, folks from across the country came together to show how much stronger we are when we stand united. Looking forward to tonight where we'll talk about why leadership matters, and hear from my favorite DemConvention speaker, DrBiden.
We're in a battle for the soul of this nation. Who we are, what we stand for, and who we want to be it's all at stake. We've got to beat Donald Trump. Register to vote today to help us do it:
Be a patriot. Protect your fellow citizens. Wear a mask.
Our nation was founded on a simple idea: All menand womenare created equal. Weve never fully lived up to it, but we wont stop trying. As we mark the th anniversary of the th Amendment, lets make sure we dont wait another years to fulfill that founding promise.
Donald Trump still doesnt have a plan to get this virus under control. His failure to lead is costing American lives. Heres what Ill do as president:
A good step forward. Yet President Trump continues to do everything he can to dismantle the Affordable Care Act. I will defend the rights of all Americans to have access to quality, affordable health care, free from discrimination.
Tonight we saw that Americans are ready to come together, and that we the people can overcome these crises and emerge stronger than ever. Chip in to help us beat Donald Trump and set our nation on a new path. DemConvention
'If we have any hope of ending this chaos, we have got to vote for Joe Biden like our lives depend on it.'
'Donald Trump is the wrong president for our country. He has had more than enough time to prove that he can do the job, but he is clearly in over his head...it is what it is.'
'A president's words have the power to move markets. They can start wars or broker peace. They can summon our better angels or awaken our worst instincts. You simply cannot fake your way through this job.'
The leaders who ran in the primary with me represent the best of America. They made me a better candidate, and they make us a better nation. I am proud to have their support. Together, we will defeat Donald Trump.
Out of many, Americans are one. AmyKlobuchar
Governor GretchenWhitmer thank you for your support and for meeting the COVID-19 crisis with the urgency it demands. The people of Michigan are lucky to have you leading the way.
'I believe that Americans have more in common than what divides us.' I couldn't agree more. What we need to do in both Alabama and Washington is to bring folks together. DougJones knows that in his core.
If we want to build back better and deliver real change for the American people, then we've got to flip the U.S. Senate. And the path to doing so runs right through Maine. Thank you, SaraGideon for being with us tonight. DemConvention
No family should go through the pain that Kristin and her family have gone through.
. AndrewCuomo, thank you for your leadership and the example youve set for all Americans during this pandemic.
George Floyd had a giving spirit. I see that in his family, I see that in his daughter. George Floyd should be alive today.
Thank you, Congressman
These last few months have been a wake-up call for our nation. It's up to all of us to do the work to create that more perfect union we've always strived to be. I'm proud of DemConvention for tonight's powerful conversation on racial justice.

'We are the United States of America. There's not a single thing we cannot do if we do it together.'
Thank you Gwen4Congress and the people of Milwaukee for hosting this year's Democratic National Convention. I wish we could be there to celebrate in person, but I look forward to virtually coming together with folks across the country to make history. DemConvention

'We the people of the United States, in order to form a more perfect union'...We the people know what is at stake in this election. Join me and TeamJoe for the th Democratic National Convention.
People from across the nation are (virtually) coming together for the start of the DemConvention. Tune in at PM ET.
Were just over an hour away from night one of the DemConvention. I hope youll join me and Democrats across the country as we unite around our vision for a better America. Tune in at PM ET:
Just imagine where we would be right now if we had a president who listened to the scientists.
Secretary Esper and President Trump, it's a president's job to protect the health and safety of our troops and their families. Gutting the military health care system no less during a global pandemic is unacceptable.
There are only days until Election Day and KamalaHarris and I need your help to make Donald Trump a one-term president. Sign up today and lets get to work:
We may be physically apart, but this week Democrats are coming together from across the nation to put forth our vision for a better America. DemConvention Tune in tonight at PM ET to join us:
The hard truth is that our economy wasn't working for folks long before this crisis. It's why we can't just go back to the way things were we have to build back better. We've got to create an economy that works for everyone not just the wealthy and well-connected.
As Attorney General of the largest state in the country, KamalaHarris took on the big banks over mortgage fraud, and Big Oil when they wanted to pollute without consequences. She's the kind of fighter I need alongside me in the White House.
Heres my promise to you: If Im elected president, I will always choose to unite rather than divide. Ill take responsibility instead of blaming others. Ill never forget that the job isnt about me its about you.
Donald Trump and Congress need to act now to deliver the relief the American people need.
The United States of America can be defined by one word: possibilities. Theres not a single thing we cant achieve if we set our minds to
Im trying to get my miles in before the Secret Service stops
. KamalaHarris is smart, tough, and experienced. She knows how to govern and make the hard calls. She's ready to hit the ground running on day one.
We need nationwide mask mandates.
Mr. President, Jill and I are sad to learn of your younger brother Roberts passing. I know the tremendous pain of losing a loved one and I know how important family is in moments like these. I hope you know that our prayers are with you all.
We can meet the challenge of COVID-19 and turn the corner on this pandemic. We just need a president and vice president ready and willing to
. KamalaHarris has spent her entire life fighting for whats right and I know shell continue that fight when we get to the White
William Perry Pendley has no business working at blmnational and I'm happy to see his nomination to lead it withdrawn. In a Biden Administration, folks who spend their careers selling off public lands won't get anywhere near being tapped to protect them.
This was a big week for our campaign: KamalaHarris joined me on the ticket and we had our best fundraising week yet. Together, we are building the coalition that will beat Donald Trump. Chip in if youre able to keep the momentum going:
I know a thing or two about being Vice President and I know KamalaHarris is the best partner I could have for the fight ahead.
Come January, there wont be any time to waste repairing the damage of the last four years and beginning the work of building back better. KamalaHarris and I are ready to get to work on day
Donald Trump has had a lot of failures in his career, but he knows how to do one thing well: inherit something great and squander it. And never take any
. KamalaHarris' story is America's
Weve got to protect and expand Social Security Ill get it done as
I know just how important Social Security is for countless Americans. That's why as president, I'll protect and strengthen it not defund it.
This afternoon, KamalaHarris and I filled out our paperwork to get on the ballot in November. Now, we're counting on you to do your part to make sure you're set to vote. Get registered today:
The fate of Social Security is on the ballot in November. As President, I will never, ever defund Social Security. Ill strengthen it. Anything less is a failure of a presidents most important duty: to care for the American
People are losing their homes. Millions have already lost their paychecks. Our country is in crisis. The virus isnt taking a break Republicans shouldnt either. The House did their job. President Trump, bring the Senate back and pass a relief bill. Now.
What kind of president tries to defund Social Security during an economic crisis?
Voting by mail is safe and secure. And don't take my word for it: Take it from the President, who just requested his mail-in ballot for the Florida primary on Tuesday.
Today marks years since the Social Security Act was signed into law, providing protection for the most vulnerable. Now were living in a moment where we must strengthen our commitment to Social Security not defund it.
The choice we make this November will decide the future of America. I have no doubt KamalaHarris is the right partner to join me to lead our nation through this

. KamalaHarris is going to stand with me in this campaign and all of us are going to stand up for her. Together, we're going to make
Theres no better partner than KamalaHarris to help me beat Donald Trump, but we cant do it without your help. Chip in today to help us win in November:
The hard truth is Black women still only get paid cents for every dollar white men make. It's unacceptable. My administration will work to close the pay gap for Black women and create an economy where everyone gets a fair return for their work.
I know KamalaHarris will work every single day to make life better for all Americans and build this nation back better than
I first met KamalaHarris through my son Beau. They grew close while fighting to take on the big banks and he had enormous respect for her and her work. There is no ones opinion I valued more than Beaus, and Im proud to have Kamala standing with me on this campaign.
. DrBiden and I are keeping the people of Iowa and everyone impacted by Monday's derecho in our prayers. We've got to make sure Iowans and those across the midwest get the relief they need for a quick and full recovery.
When I was making my decision, I knew I needed someone whos ready to help lead the nation on day one. KamalaHarris is that
We are in a battle for the soul of this nation. And if we're going to get through these crises we need to come together and unite for a better America. KamalaHarris gets that and I believe there's no better person to help me get the job done.
When I called KamalaHarris yesterday to ask her to be my running mate, I wanted to make sure Jill and Doug got to say hello. Youre honorary Bidens now!
Heather Heyer was a brave young woman who saw what was happening in her hometown of Charlottesville and decided to fight against it. Let us honor her memory by continuing to stand against hate.
Three years ago today, white supremacists descended on Charlottesville with torches in hand and hate in their hearts. Our president said they were 'very fine people.' It was clear then, and it's clear now: We are in a battle for the soul of our nation, and we must win.
Let's get to work,
One of the reasons I chose KamalaHarris is because we both believe you can define America in one simple word possibilities.
If youre worried about whether youll have a job, worried about the poisons in the air you breathe and water you drink, worried about your civil rights or even your basic dignity being under attack KamalaHarris has had your back. Now, we have to have hers.
Working families need someone on their side...because they certainly dont have anyone on their side with this president. Thats going to change in the Biden-Harris administration.
This morning, little girls woke up across this nation especially Black and Brown girls who so often may feel overlooked and undervalued in our society potentially seeing themselves in a new way: As the stuff of Presidents and Vice Presidents.
Weve all watched KamalaHarris in the Senate go toe-to-toe with Trump officials trying to hide the truth, asking the tough questions that need to be asked and not stopping until she gets an answer. Shes ready to do this job.
This afternoon, KamalaHarris and I will be speaking together for the first time since yesterdays big announcement. Tune in:
Whether it's taking on the big banks or pushing for marriage equalityKamala never shies away from fighting tooth and nail for what's right. It's why I chose her to be my running mate. She'll wake up every day thinking about how to make life better for the people of our country.
As the daughter of Jamaican and Indian immigrants, KamalaHarris grew up believing in the promise of America because she saw it firsthand. Together, Kamala and I are going to fight every single day in the White House to make sure that promise is fulfilled for all Americans.
If KamalaHarris and I are elected, were going to inherit multiple crises, a nation divided, and a world in disarray. We wont have a minute to waste. That's exactly why I picked her: She's ready to lead on day one.
. KamalaHarris is the daughter of proud immigrantsa mother from India and a father from Jamaicawho raised her to take action. Thats exactly what this moment calls for: action. And we hope youll take action with us:
Right now, America faces: - The worst pandemic in years - The worst economic crisis since the Great Depression - The most powerful calls for racial justice in a generation I need someone alongside me who's smart, tough, and ready to lead. KamalaHarris is that person.
Thanks to supporters like you, we are on track to have our biggest fundraising day ever. Together, we can win this. Join us.
Lets go win this,
Back when Kamala was Attorney General, she worked closely with Beau. I watched as they took on the big banks, lifted up working people, and protected women and kids from abuse. I was proud then, and I'm proud now to have her as my partner in this campaign.
I have the great honor to announce that Ive picked KamalaHarris a fearless fighter for the little guy, and one of the countrys finest public servants as my running mate.
Don't forget that in the middle of this pandemic, the Trump Administration is in court trying to eliminate Obamacare and rip health insurance away from millions. It's heartless. I'll protect and build on the ACA to ensure everyone gets the care they need.
I promise you if I'm elected, I won't waste any time getting this virus under control. I'll call Dr. Fauci and ask him to stay on. I'll bring together top experts and leaders from both parties to chart a path forward. We'll get it done, together.
This is the latest dire consequence of Donald Trump looking the other way on Beijing's repression in Hong Kong. Instead of standing for freedom and democracy, he consistently stands with Xi Jinping. I'll put American values back at the center of our foreign policy.
Social Security is the bedrock of American retirement giving countless Americans peace of mind and the ability to retire with dignity. I've been fighting to protect and expand the program throughout my career and I'll continue that fight as president.
Folks, we need to listen to our frontline heroes. Wear a mask. Its not just about you. Its about keeping your family, neighbors, and fellow citizens
Bristol Bay is no place for a mine our administration decided that in . We're only discussing it today because Donald Trump's EPA reversed course hours after a closed-door meeting with the mining company's CEO.
Donald Trump said that if hes re-elected, hell defund Social Security. We can't let that happen.
President Trump keeps attacking the U.S. Postal Service, and now hundreds of thousands of veterans aren't getting their life-saving medications on time. It's despicable. I promise you that as president, I will never put politics over the care of our nation's veterans.
Donald Trumps surrender to the pandemic has led to a resurgence of the virus and more economic pain and anxiety for millions of Americans. After six months of a nation in crisis, he still has no plan to get us through. But I do:
To the millions of Americans struggling to get by right now those who can't find a job or pay the bills: I want you to know that I see you, and I won't forget you and I'm going to fight every day in the White House to build an economy that works for you.
Every single eligible American should have the opportunity to vote-by-mail this November. If it's good enough for Donald Trump then it's good enough for you and me.
We cant let Donald Trump destroy the U.S. Postal Service.
It's been six years since Michael Brown's life was taken in Ferguson reigniting a movement. We must continue the work of tackling systemic racism and reforming policing.
Our planet cant take four more years of Donald Trump. We have to get him out of the White House so we can start treating the climate crisis like the urgent threat it is.
Giving the Trump administration another four years in office would have catastrophic implications for future generations. His victory would threaten the future of our democracy, and we must vote him out this November.
The United States just passed million reported infections of COVID-19. Its a number that boggles the mind and breaks the heart. Each time the number goes up, it represents a life altered, a family stricken with anxiety, a community on edge. It shouldnt have gotten this bad.
Today, Donald Trump stated that if re-elected, he'll undermine the entire financial footing of Social Security. Our seniors and millions of Americans with disabilities are under enough stress without their hard-earned Social Security benefits in doubt.
Donald Trump has refused to take serious action to combat the COVID-19 crisis. And as a result, he got what hes always wanted the U.S. isolated from the rest of the
Its an important choice, and I want you to be one of the first to know who Ive picked as my running mate text FIRST to to get notified when Ive made my decision.
Between the coronavirus and the economic crisis, this is a tough time for our country, I know. But I firmly believe that our best days still lie ahead. Together, we will climb out of these crises and emerge stronger than before.
The fact is, Donald Trump left our nation unprepared and unprotected for the worst public health crisis of our lifetime and we're paying the price every single
Our nation is desperate for leadership leadership that can unite us and steer us through these crises. But at the most critical moment of his presidency, Donald Trump has nothing to offer.
No President can promise to prevent future outbreaks. But I'll promise you this: when I'm President we will prepare better, respond better, and recover better.
John Lewis will be remembered as a moral giant who dedicated his life to creating a more just, equal, and moral America. Donald Trump will
I cant believe I have to say this, but we cant let Donald Trump open up the Grand Canyon for uranium mining.
I believe every American deserves a fair shot at success not just the Mar-a-Lago crowd. Thats why as president, Ill reverse Donald Trumps giant tax giveaways to the super-wealthy and big corporations, and build an economy that works for everyone.
It didn't have to be this
Heres the truthDonald Trump turned his back on the middle class long before COVID-19. He cut taxes for the super-wealthy, drove U.S. manufacturing into a recession, and stacked the deck against hardworking Americans. It's time we pick a different path.
Make no mistake: This economic crisis is due to President Trumps failure to get this virus under
While I am grateful for the people who got their jobs back, my heart goes out to the more than million Americans still out of work. The truth is it didn't have to be this bad, but Donald Trump failed to act. He's the one person who should lose his job.
The truth is that President Trump could have acted months ago to curb this pandemicit's obvious he still hasnt learned his lesson. He continues to ignore the warnings of health experts and we're all paying the price.
Heres how COVID-19 affected Arizonans under the TrumpDucey model: - An infection ratestillof nearly % - The fifth-highest number of current hospitalizations in the country - More than deaths from COVID-19 - More than cases - Lengthy delays in test results
Gov. Ducey is rushing reopening without adequate testing and contact tracing. Hes withholding support for increased testing and making local leaders plead for it. Hes refusing to implement a mask mandate and turning his back on older Americans and those at greater risk.
President Trump called Arizona a model for applying a science-based approach to the decreasing cases and hospitalizations without implementing a punishing lockdown. He said Governor Duceys approach should be used by other statesbut heres whats really happening in Arizona:
My commitment to you is this: I will always listen, I will never stop fighting for the African American community and I will never stop fighting for a more equitable future.
Throughout my career I've witnessed the diversity of thought, background, and sentiment within the African American community. It's this diversity that makes our workplaces, communities, and country a better place.
Earlier today, I made some comments about diversity in the African American and Latino communities that I want to clarify. In no way did I mean to suggest the African American community is a monolithnot by identity, not on issues, not at all.
I believe that the right to vote is the most fundamental American right there is. To protect it, weve got to: - Pass the John R. Lewis Voting Rights Act - Enact automatic and same-day voter registration - Stand up to Republican voter suppression efforts
John Lewis left us with marching orders. Its up to all of us to carry them out:
Every moment with your loved ones is precious. I know that in my core because Ive learned it through loss. It's why as president, I'm going to do everything I can to get this virus under control and get our lives back to normal as soon as we
Let me be clear: Voting is a right not a privilege. Anyone who tells you otherwise cant be trusted to hold the highest office in this land.
The fight for civil rights is what drove me to get involved in politics in the first place. It's why I fought for and helped secure a -year extension of the Voting Rights Act. And it's why as president, I'll immediately sign the John R. Lewis Voting Rights Act into
years ago today, the Voting Rights Act was signed into law bringing us one step closer to that more perfect union. As we mark its anniversary, weve got to continue our fight to restore the VRA and protect the sacred right to vote.
The scenes of death and destruction from Hiroshima and Nagasaki still horrify us years later. They reach through history to remind us of the hideous damage nuclear weapons can inflictand our collective responsibility to ensure they're never again used.
If I'm elected president, our students and educators will have all the tools and resources they need to succeed and get through
Donald Trump promised to bring back jobs, but his policies crushed the manufacturing sectorand that was true even before COVID-19. Ill revitalize American manufacturing and innovation and create millions of good-paying jobs so we can build back better.
Growing up in Scranton, I learned the importance of hard work, treating others with dignity and respect, and leaving no one behind. Those values have guided my entire life and they're the values I'll bring back to the White
Folks, a lot of you have been asking when Im announcing my running mate, and I promise Ill let you know soon. But heres what I can tell you right now: Im going to tell my supporters first so text FIRST to to be the first to know.
I dont buy for one second that the vitality of American manufacturing is a thing of the past. As president, I'll make bold investments in American manufacturing, industry, and innovation to make sure the future is made in America by all of
There's been a lot of talk about my vetting process lately. Heres an inside
Weapons of war have no place in our communities. When I was a senator, I took on the NRA and secured a -year ban on assault weapons and as president, Ill ban these weapons
Eight years ago, a white supremacist targeted a Sikh temple in Oak Creek, WI ultimately taking seven lives in an unspeakable act of terror. To truly honor those we lost, it's up to all of us to stand up to bigotry in our lives, give hate no safe harbor, and reduce gun violence.
I truly believe that we can revitalize American manufacturing and create a better economy at the same time. I want to build an economy that brings everyone along one that works for the middle class, not just the wealthy and
The truth of the matter is, Donald Trump inherited a growing economy from President Obama and me. And just like everything else he inherited in his life, he squandered
From day one, Donald Trump downplayed the threat COVID-19 posed, ignored scientists, and refused to take action. Now, nearly million cases and more than deaths later, it's crystal clear we're paying the price for his failed leadership.
On day one, Ill send a bill to Congress creating a clear roadmap to citizenship for Dreamers and the million undocumented people already strengthening our nation. Its long
Our hearts and prayers are with the people of Lebanon, and the victims of the horrific explosion in Beirut. I urge both the Trump Administration and international community to immediately mobilize assistance to the thousands injured in the blast.
Thousands of Americans are dying every week. The President's response? 'It is what it is.'
Ill get to work on day one enacting the changes needed to help the Latino community thrive. Read my full plan here:
Happy birthday to my brother and friend, BarackObama! Serving alongside you for eight years was the greatest honor of my life and I'm grateful to have you by my side for these next
We cant just build back to the way things were before these crises. We have to build a more inclusive, equitable future for all. Heres how well do it:
The Latino community is bearing disproportionate harm from this pandemic. But even before, many Latino families were already struggling. We've got to do better. That's why today, I'm releasing my new agenda for the Latino community:
As president, Ill take on the powerful gun lobby to pass universal background checks, ban assault weapons and high-capacity magazines, and close loopholes to keep guns out of dangerous hands. We can and will end our gun violence epidemic.
One year ago, just hours after the massacre in El Paso, nine precious lives were cut short in Dayton. In the wake of the tragedies, Donald Trump promised the most modest of gun safety policies, then caved to the NRA and failed to deliver.
On July st, Donald Trump predicted the coronavirus was going to 'just disappear.' He was wrong and more than Americans died due to the virus last month. Mr. President, step up and do your job before even more American families feel the pain of losing a loved one.
When we spend taxpayer money, we should use it to buy American products and support American jobs. Period. Were going to make sure the future is made in America by all of America:
Not a joke, folks. Get yours today:
Every American should be able to safely make their voice heard this November. We need to: - Expand vote-by-mail and early voting - Implement online voter registration - Make it safe and easy to vote in-person
Jill and I mourn the loss of the nine service members who perished in a training accident off the coast of California. These brave young men made the ultimate sacrifice in service to their fellow Americans. Our deepest condolences go out to their families.
John Hume committed his life to the principles of nonviolence, and through his faith, statesmanship, and perseverance, he helped bring Northern Ireland through the Troubles to a better tomorrow. Jill and I send our condolences to the entire Hume family.
In the days that followed the El Paso shooting, I said Americans have to come together, stand against hate, and leave nobody behind. That charge feels more important than ever. This is our fight and together, we will
It's hard to believe this has to be said, but if I'm elected president, Ill spend my Monday mornings working with our nations top experts to control this virus not insulting them on Twitter.
This is a moment to summon the purpose we felt one year ago after El Paso. A moment to recommit to the battle for the soul of this nation. A battle against white supremacy, hatred, and gun violence. It won't be easy but it's a battle we must win.
One year ago, a white supremacist armed with a semi-automatic rifle targeted the people of El Paso. He thought his hatred of Latinos and immigrants would prove more powerful than the culture and vibrancy of the community. He was
Folks, there's simply too much at stake this November for anyone to sit on the sidelines. Register to vote today and then reach out to five friends and get them registered as well.
Welcome home, Bob and Doug! The first American splashdown in years was executed with precision, and is truly a victory for American innovation and persistence. Congratulations to everyone involved on a successful conclusion to this historic mission.
Join us as we host a roundtable with Congresswoman Veronica Escobar to commemorate the anniversary of the El Paso Massacre:
Its not enough to just go back to the way things were before these crises we need to build back better than ever. We have to create a new American economy where everyone gets a fair return for their work and an equal chance to get ahead.
Now more than ever, we need a president who believes in science.
This pandemic has put a bright light on the disparities that have plagued our nation for too long. Weve got to make sure these communities get the help they need now and root out the systemic racism that created these inequalities in the first place.
Enhanced unemployment benefits expired for millions overnight. We dont have an effective nationwide testing program or a plan to control the virus. Our health care workers still dont have enough PPE. Enough with the weekend golf trips, Mr. President. Do your job.
Rent is due today. Donald Trump abdicated his responsibility to lead us out of this COVID-19 crisisand we now face a potential housing crisis because of it. Mr. President: Act now to make sure Americans don't have to choose between a roof over their heads or food on the
You have enough on your plate you shouldn't also have to worry about the president making things even tougher for
If we give Donald Trump four more years in the White House, he will forever alter the character of this nation. We cant let that happen.
To the millions of people who get up every single day and make this country run: I see you, and I promise I will never stop fighting for you. You are the backbone of
Ordinary people doing extraordinary things. That's the story of America and it's being written every day by folks like Dr. Craig_A_Spencer, who fought the Ebola outbreak and now COVID-19. BarackObama and I called to thank him for his service and discuss the moment we're
Folks, were just a few hours away from our critical end-of-month fundraising deadline. We need everyone to step up so we can hit our goal and make sure we can go toe-to-toe with President Trump. If you're able, please chip in today:
Jill and I are keeping everyone in the path of Hurricane Isaias in our prayers. We must ensure that our fellow Americans, in Puerto Rico and across the East Coast, get the support they need. Please heed the warnings from authorities, take steps to prepare, and stay safe.
Together, we're going to make sure the future is made in America by all of
Grassroots donations are the backbone of our campaign and we want to thank you for all your help. So tonight, Senator ewarren and I are hosting an event that you wont want to miss. Chip in to reserve your spot:
Were facing some of the biggest challenges in our history and its abundantly clear Donald Trump just isnt up for the job. We need real leadership and we need it now.
Its been over six months since the first confirmed case of COVID-19 in the United States, and President Trump still doesn't have an effective plan to contain its spread. It's an unjustifiable failure of leadership that costs lives every day.
. DrBiden and I wish all our Muslim friends and neighbors a blessed EidAlAdha. May your sacrifices on this day be accepted and strengthen you during these challenging times. Eid Mubarak!
Human trafficking is an unconscionable attack on the dignity of the most vulnerable among us. Action cant wait on this World Day Against Trafficking in Persons, weve got to join together and commit to ending trafficking. EndHumanTrafficking
You won't have to worry about my tweets when I'm president.
Bill Barr is the Attorney General of the United States not the president's private
years ago today, Medicare and Medicaid were signed into law. And ever since, they've extended lives, enhanced liberty, and put the pursuit of happiness within reach for millions. I'll protect and expand these programs for generations to come.
Throughout his life, John Lewis taught us that while the journey toward equality is not easy, we must be unafraid and never cower and never, ever give up. It's up to all of us to carry on his
Its time Senate Republicans back their effusive praise of John Lewis with action. Pass the John R. Lewis Voting Rights Act.
Even after his passing, John Lewis reminds us that the most powerful symbol of what it means to be an American is what we do with the time we have to make real the promise of our nation. May his words guide us as we march on toward November.
The last three months were the worst period for economic growth our nation has experienced in the years since we started measuring it a drop of nearly percent. Let's be clear: This is no act of God, it's a failure of presidential leadership.
I'm the proud husband of a teacher. I've seen firsthand how difficult the job can be in normal times let alone in the middle of a pandemic. So when I heard Beth's story, I knew BarackObama and I had to give her a
Donald Trump's instinct to constantly add fuel to the fire is the last thing our country needs right now. We need leadership that will calm the waters and lower the
We need a president who will bring us together instead of tearing us apart and who will enforce the law faithfully rather than put his own political interests first.
Folks, I'm excited to share that Senator ewarren and I are hosting a grassroots fundraiser this Friday and you're invited. We're going to chat about what's at stake this November and even answer a few of your questions. Chip in any amount to join us:
Donald Trump has shown that he cant beat the pandemic or turn the economy around. And he is unsurprisingly stoking the flames of division for political gain. He is the worst possible person to lead our nation through this
My heart goes out to Jessica and the countless others across the nation who have lost a loved one due to COVID-19. Behind every number we see in the news is a family and community that will never again be whole and we can't forget
Congratulations to California Child Care Providers United on a successful election. As president, I'll make it easier for child care workers to unionize and Ill provide resources so they earn higher wages while also making care more affordable. ChildCareIsEssential
We need an effective, coordinated nationwide testing and tracing program. We need more PPE for health care workers. We need a comprehensive plan to get this virus under control. We need this president to do his job.
I have no illusions about how tough the road ahead is. But Im optimistic for one reason above all others: I know the history and the heart of this country. There is nothing we're unable to achieve when we do it together.
Listen to the scientists: Wear a
Donald Trump voted by mail. You should be able to as well.
Small business ownership is one of our country's cornerstones for wealth building and job creation. But Black and Brown entrepreneurs face far too many barriers to ownership, growth, and success. I've got a plan to change that:
America has never lived up to our founding promise and we cant rest until we finally do. My new plan will advance racial equity across the American economy and bring us closer to reaching our highest ideals:
My housing plan will give a $15,000 tax credit to first-time home-buyers, expand affordable housing, and reverse President Trumps efforts to gut fair housing enforcement. We're going to remove the barriers to homeownership that hold back too many Americans of color.
To support more Black and Brown small businesses, my administration will launch a new Small Business Opportunity Initiative. We're going to make sure that those with the best ideas are not denied the venture capital or financing they need because of their race or zip code.
In good times, communities of color still lag. In bad times, they get hit first and the hardest. And in recovery, they take the longest to bounce back. We have to break the cycle, and Ive got a plan to do it:
This election is not just about voting against Donald Trump. Its about rising to this moment of crisis, understanding peoples struggle, and building a future worthy of their courage and ambition to overcome.
A change of tone over a few days does not change the facts of the last four years. Donald Trump fails the basic threshold test of being president: the duty to care about the entire country, not just his re-election prospects.
The Senate and this President should pass the bill to restore the Voting Rights Act renamed yesterday in memory of John Lewis. If they dont, it will be one of the first things I do as president.
I'm in Wilmington, Delaware, to unveil the fourth plank of my Build Back Better plan. Tune in as I discuss what my administration will do to advance racial equity in our economy:
In this moment, we have the chance to build an economy where everyone gets a fair return for their work and an equal chance to get ahead. One more vibrant and more powerful because everyone is in on the deal. Here's how we'll do it:
We can't build this nation back better without tackling the systemic racism and disparities that have plagued our country for far too long. That's why today, I'm releasing my new plan to advance racial economic equity across the American economy.
Our students and educators deserve better than four more years of Betsy DeVos. Its time for a Secretary of Education who is actually a public school
John march on, dear friend. May God bless you. And may you continue to inspire righteous good trouble down from the
Tonight, Jill and I are thinking about the families left emptier by this virus. To anyone whos struggling, sick, or wondering how theyll get through the day: know that I will not abandon you. Well fight through this crisis together, and emerge stronger than ever.
Ariannas a supporter of our campaign whos been organizing food drives for her community during the COVID crisis. My team told me about her work, so BarackObama and I decided to surprise her with a
The development of a new vaccine requires a dedication to science, coordination, transparency, truth, and fairness to all and we have a President who stands for none of these things.
These policies arent just the right thing to do theyre also the smart thing to do for the future of our
Women-owned small businesses like Marsh + Mane are the backbone of communities across the nation. We have got to do more to invest in and support them. Here's what I'll do as president:
The hard truth is women and particularly women of color have never had a fair shot to get ahead in this country. That's why today, I'm releasing my plan to make sure women can fully participate in our economy and country.
The hard truth is this pandemic didnt have to be this bad. Ron Klain, former White House Ebola Response Coordinator, breaks down what a Biden administration would have done differently and what we would do now to get this virus under
In days, were going to make Donald Trump a one-term
Women have decided the course of history with grit, clarity, and courage. This election is no different. We have just days to get out the vote, unite the country, and vote Donald Trump out of the White House. Join us, and let's get to work:
Thirty years on, we still have work to do to realize the full aspiration of the Americans with Disabilities Act. We need to ensure that every American has the chance to live independently and free from discriminatory systems and practices. ADA30
Folks, we have just days until Election Day. Now, more than ever, we have to do everything we can to make Donald Trump a one-term president. Register to vote: Donate: Volunteer: Lets get to
In days, we have the chance to set our nation on a new path. One where we finally live up to our highest ideals and everyone has a fair shot at success. Join us:
days.
As Hurricane Hanna makes landfall, Jill and I are sending our prayers to the people of South Texas. We must ensure that affected residents get the support they need and get it quickly. If you are in an impacted region, please heed the advice of local officials and seek shelter.
I know firsthand how hard it can be to take care of an aging family member. It's why as president, I'll ease the financial burden on families and expand access to dignified care for older Americans.
No one should have to work more than one job to make ends meet. We have to raise the minimum wage to $15 an hour and build an inclusive middle class that brings everyone along.
There is no quit in America and you deserve a president who wont quit on you.
President Trump ordered his administration to slow down coronavirus testing, he tried to block CDC funding, and he has ignored the experts from day one. His actions defy both logic and humanity. What kind of president actively undercuts efforts that will save lives?
Every American family deserves access to affordable, high-quality child care. Here's how I'll make that happen:
I know times are tough, but I want you to know you're not alone. We're all in this fight together. And together, we'll emerge stronger than before.
The President has a duty to care for us all. To see people where they are and to understand what theyre going through. Ive been a single parent. Even though I had a lot more support than a lot of folks going through tough times, I know how hard it
This is the United States of America. We dont settle we aspire. Lets get to work.
The hard truth is that we can't just build back to the way things were before these crises we have to build back better. President BarackObama and I discussed how we can do that, and much
Our nation is at a crossroads. We can choose four more years of Donald Trumps divisive politics and failed leadership or we can forge a new path
Home care workers and child care workers who are more often women, women of color, and immigrants have been underpaid, unseen, and undervalued for far too long. That will change with my administration:
Donald Trumps own staff admits that he fails the most important test of being the American President: the duty to care for you, for all of
We need a president who listens to someone other than himself.
This was preventable.
Out of every trial and tribulation, we've always emerged stronger as a nation and we will again. If we come together, there is not a single thing we cannot
Hey Phillies, heres to hoping we both win big this fall. Stay safe.
COVID-19 infections are going up. The number of deaths is going up. This morning it was announced that, once again, the number of unemployment claims is going up. Donald Trump is moving us backwards. The American people are paying the price.
Care jobs are ready to be filled right now, allowing millions of people primarily women to get back to work immediately. It's the right thing to do for our families and our essential workers and it's the smart thing to do for our
Folks, I sat down with my friend President BarackObama to discuss the significant moment we're in, who we are as a nation, and how we can build back better. Watch our full conversation:
Every day I hear from folks who tell me how important health care is to their families well, it's deeply personal for President BarackObama and me, too. I'll fight to protect and build on Obamacare and make sure everyone gets the care they need. Watch our
Let me be clear: If vote-by-mail is good enough for Donald Trump and his administration, then it's good enough for all of
I know everything feels different right now. Theres just that feeling where you dont know if everything will be okay. But I promise you that it can be and it will
Today, the House passed the NoBanAct because no one should be discriminated against or singled out based on the faith they practice. I will end President Trump's Muslim Ban on day one and sign this bill into law.
My plan to create a st century care and early childhood education workforce will put million Americans to work and free up millions more people to join the paid labor force. It's a fresh, bold approach that will help us recover faster and
The goal of the Census is clear: count every person. But Donald Trump continues to use this vital process to sow division and scare immigrant communities. We won't let him deny communities the funding and representation they deserve. Because in America, everyone counts.
The words of a president matter. And from the moment President Trump came down that escalator, he has used his to degrade people and sow division. It's not who we are. Watch my full conversation with President BarackObama tomorrow at AM
Today, we're facing a serious threat and we have to meet it together as one country. It's up to all of us to do everything we can to keep our fellow Americans safe and
+
years ago the Obama-Biden Administration signed Wall Street reform to prevent the abuse that led to the Great Recession. Donald Trump and the Republicans have tried to tear it down ever since. As president, I'll protect it so we can rebuild an economy that works for everyone.
For your family, for your neighbors, for your country wear a mask.
Happy Birthday, Congressman Clyburn! Your powerful voice of moral clarity never fails to steer us toward a better future and reminds us all of why we're in public service in the first place. Im grateful for your leadership and honored to call you a
Let me say what President Trump won't: Russian interference in our elections is a violation of our sovereignty. And if Im president, Ill respond
Home health workers do Gods work, but arent paid much. They have few benefits, and % are still on SNAP or Medicaid. It's unacceptable. I'll give caregivers and early childhood educators a much-needed raise.
We need to make high-quality child care affordable and accessible. As president, I'll give every - and -year-old access to free, high-quality preschool. And low- to middle-income families wont spend more than % of their income on quality care for children under age .
We are trapped in a caregiving crisis, within an economic crisis, within a public health crisis. Youre doing everything you can, but this president is not. If Im your president, heres what I would do:
Donald Trump simply doesnt understand: We cant deal with our economic crisis without solving the public health crisis. And for all his bluster about his expertise on the economy, he is unable to explain how he will actually help the working families hit the hardest.
We have to mobilize a st century care and early childhood education workforce to deal with the caregiving crisis in our nation. Today, I'm delivering remarks about how we're going to get it done. Tune in:
Today, Im releasing my plan to mobilize a st century care and early childhood education workforce. It will ease the financial burden of care for families, create good-paying jobs with good benefits, and treat workers with the dignity they deserve.
In honor of John Lewis, C.T. Vivian, and all the essential workers who have selflessly risked their lives, the Senate should pass a bill that ensures working people get real relief extended unemployment insurance, rental support, and guaranteed sick leave. StrikeForBlackLives
Folks, it may be hard to believe, but we have just over days until Election Day. I know we can beat Donald Trump and build this nation back better than before but we need your help to do it. If you're able, please chip in today:
Small manufacturers like McGregor Industries demonstrate the resilience, creativity, and staying-power of Americas industrial base. Together we're going to make sure the future is made in America by all of
Today, I am putting the Kremlin and other foreign governments on notice: If elected president, I will direct my administration to impose substantial and lasting costs on those who interfere with American elections.
We're paying the price for this president's incompetence every single day.
President Trump asked to see the COVID death chart. RealDonaldTrump, here you
Every day it becomes clearer: We are in a battle for the soul of this nation. Who we are. What we believe. Who we want to be. Its all at stake. We have to vote Donald Trump out this November.
Imagine the future we can create with Donald Trump out of the White House. A future where we: - Tackle the climate crisis - Build a new American economy - End our gun violence epidemic - Ensure our government works for all, not just the wealthy few
In this moment of crisis, we have the chance to build a new American economy. One where everyone gets a fair return for their work and an equal chance to get ahead. Together, we'll get it done.
Every day is National Ice Cream Day in my
Mr. President, your ignorance isnt a virtue or a sign of your strength its undercutting our response to this unprecedented crisis at every turn and its costing Americans their jobs and their lives.
The hard truth is that it didnt have to be this bad, but Donald Trump ignored the experts and refused to take action. He has failed our
Now more than ever, we need a president who will choose hope over fear.
Banning the Confederate flag from military installations was long overdue. Banning the LGBTQ Pride flag the very symbol of diversity and inclusion is undeniably wrong. The Pentagon should ensure it is authorized, or as President, I will.
I know of no man with more courage than John Lewis. He was a giant walking among us. When I saw him, I couldnt help but think one thing: I havent done enough. May his life and legacy inspire every one of us to strive for justice, equality and what is
My full statement:
We are made in the image of God, and then there is John Lewis. He was truly one-of-a-kind, a moral compass who always knew where to point us and which direction to march. To Johns family, friends, staff, and constituents, Jill and I send you our love and prayers.
As President, I will see to it that America once again stands for human rights. That doesn't mean rights only for some, but rights for all each and every American, and every person, everywhere. No exceptions.
Today, we lost a giant of the civil rights movement and a relentless champion in the struggle for justice. Reverend C.T. Vivian never stopped pushing our nation closer to our highest ideals and we are better because of it. Jill and I are keeping his loved ones in our prayers.
Eleven. That's how many times we've broken the single-day record for new COVID-19 cases in the last month. This virus isn't going to 'just disappear' like President Trump wants. It's surging and we need real leadership from this White House to slow its spread.
Ive released years of my tax returns why hasnt Donald Trump? We deserve to know what this president is hiding.
Everyone wants our schools to reopen. The question is how to make it safe and how to make it stick. Forcing educators and students back into classrooms in areas where infection rates are going up or remaining too high is just plain
We have to make the places we live, work, and learn healthier and more energy-efficient. That's why my administration will upgrade million buildings and weatherize million homes across the country creating over one million jobs in the process.
No matter who you supported in , I want you to know that you have a home in our campaign. Youre not just wanted youre needed. Together, we're going to beat Donald Trump and build this nation back better than it was
We have the power to write the future we want for our country. Don't let anyone tell you differently.
President Obama and I left a playbook for President Trump on how to fight pandemics. He flat-out ignored it. And we're all paying the price every day.
From day one, Donald Trump has been focused on the stock market and delivering for his wealthy friends and big corporations. As president, I will be laser-focused on working families and small
Let's call this what it is: A modern-day poll tax. It's unconscionable. We need to restore voting rights for individuals formerly incarcerated for felonies and ensure everyone can make their voice heard at the ballot box.
We are months into this crisis, and our health care workers are still being forced to reuse masks. Its unacceptable. Mr. President, fix the PPE shortages before you tee off for yet another round of golf.
I've said it before, and I'll say it again: Donald Trump is the worst possible person to lead us through a public health
I dont have Bitcoin, and Ill never ask you to send me any. But if you want to chip in to help make Donald Trump a one-term President, you can do that here:
Meeting the threat of climate change presents a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to jolt new life into our economy. We're going to create millions of high-quality, union jobs by building a modern infrastructure and a clean energy future.
There is no time to waste when it comes to addressing the existential threat of climate change. If I have the honor of being elected president, we'll get to work delivering results on day
President Trump needs to do everything in his power to surge nationwide testing including developing and evaluating more accurate, affordable, accessible, faster tests so we can reopen safely. Infection rates are rising at an alarming pace. Mr. President, act now.
Mr. President, Open everything now, isnt a strategy for success. Its barely a slogan. Its long past time for you to step up and do your job.
This pandemic has gotten bad enough that even Donald Trump finally decided to wear a mask in public. Im glad he made that shift but its not enough. We need real presidential leadership. Right
We're facing an economic crisis and a climate crisis. As president, I'll create millions of jobs building resilient roads and bridges, manufacturing electric vehicles, and weatherizing homes and buildings. Learn more:
When I hear the words climate change, I hear the word 'jobs.' Good paying, union jobs that will solve our jobs crisis while addressing our climate
Climate change is the challenge that's going to define our American future. And if I have the honor of being elected President, we won't tinker around the edges, well seize this opportunity and meet this moment in history.
When Donald Trump thinks about climate change, all he can muster is one word: hoax. When I think about climate change, I think of a word as well: jobs. Good-paying, union jobs that put Americans to work.
Every few weeks when he needs a distraction from the latest charge of corruption in his staff or the conviction of high ranking members of his administration Donald Trump announces its Infrastructure Week. He's never delivered. I know how to get it done.
We cant just build things back to the way they were weve got to build America back better. Tune in as I deliver remarks on how we're going to invest in infrastructure and clean energy and create millions of jobs in the process:
I want every single American to know: If you're sick, struggling, or worried about how you're going to get through the day, I will not abandon you. We're all in this together. And together, we'll emerge stronger than
We shouldn't have to beg this president to listen to the experts.
The hard truth is it didn't have to be this bad. But Donald Trump has squandered every chance he's had to contain the spread of this virus.
America cant sit on the sidelines in the race for the future. My administration will invest $300 billion in research and development over four years to secure our global leadership and create millions of good-paying jobs.
'We're leading the world.'
Donald Trump needs to spend less time playing golf and more time listening to experts like Dr. Fauci.
In January, I sounded the alarm regarding COVID-19. Over five months later, President Trump still hasn't taken the action needed to respond to the virus. It's unacceptable. This president has failed the American people every step of the way.
The stakes couldn't be higher this November. Time and time again, Donald Trump has failed the people of Puerto Rico. As President, I'll spur economic development on the island and expand access to health care.
Together, we're going to build a new American economy:
It's hard to believe this has to be said, but unlike this president, I'll actually listen to the experts and heed their advice. Not silence them.
Mohamed Amashah is finally home after days in Egyptian prison for holding a protest sign. Arresting, torturing, and exiling activists like Sarah Hegazy and Mohamed Soltan or threatening their families is unacceptable. No more blank checks for Trumps 'favorite dictator.'
Ignore the polls. Weve got work to do:
Health care is personal to me. And as president, I'll do everything I can to make sure every American has access to the care they
We need a president who will always choose to unite rather than divide, because theres nothing we cant accomplish when we do it together.
To all the nurses on the frontlines of this fight, thank you. You are American
Donald Trump is the worst possible person to lead us through this moment. We need real leadership, right now. Lives are at stake.
Back in January, when President Trump signed his hollow 'phase one' trade deal with Beijing, I made clear that no one should be fooled by Trump's empty promises to deliver a meaningful phase two' deal. Good to see that he's finally admitting I was right.
Ive said it before, and Ill say it again: Donald Trump is the most corrupt president in modern American history. Every day that he remains in office, he further threatens the future of our democracy. We have to vote him out this November.
I have no illusion about how tough the road ahead is. But Im optimistic for one reason above all others: I know the history and the heart of this country. Given a chance, ordinary Americans can do extraordinary
This was almost two months ago. Since then? Tens of thousands more lives lost. A million and a half new cases. The President? Still
The United States has over million cases of COVID-19, and over people have died yet Donald Trump continues to say it will just 'fade away.' Its unbelievable. We're paying the price for this president's incompetence every single day.
I see a different America than President Trump. One that, despite all our flaws and shortcomings and failings, is still after more than two centuries dedicated to equality, liberty, human dignity, and justice. I know we can reach our highest ideals together.
Still true.
Determination. Resilience. Grit. The strength to get up no matter how many times youve been knocked down. Respect for hard work, and for the people who do it. Those are the values I learned growing up in Scranton and they're the values Ill take to the Oval Office.
This is what America First looks like under President
Through every trial and tribulation, we've always emerged stronger and we will again.
Lets use this opportunity to make bold investments in American industry and innovation so the future is made in America and in all of America.
Here's my promise to you: If I have the honor of being elected president, I will take care of your family like I would my
The American people deserve to know what Donald Trump is hiding in his tax returns.
We can't just build back to the way things were before these crises we have to build back better.
This is our moment to imagine and build a new American economy one where everyone gets a fair return for their work and an equal chance to get
I do not buy for one second that the vitality of American manufacturing is a thing of the past. American manufacturing was the Arsenal of Democracy in World War II, and must be part of the engine of American prosperity now.
We can't just focus on the jobs of today we have to also focus on the jobs and industries of tomorrow. I'll make a historic $300 billion investment in research and development that will spur innovation and help create million jobs across the
American workers can out-compete anyone, but they need a government that fights for them. I'll revitalize American manufacturing especially smaller manufacturers and those owned by women and people of color and ensure the future is made here in
When we spend taxpayer money, we should use it to buy American products & support American jobs. But under Trump, the rate of federal contractors offshoring jobs more than doubled. It's unacceptable. I'll invest $400 billion in American-made products & keep jobs here at
I'm in Dunmore, Pennsylvania, to discuss my plan to create jobs, raise wages, and help America build back better. Tune in to watch:
We're in the middle of an economic crisis. But it's not enough to just turn things around we have to build back better. We have to revitalize American manufacturing and make sure the future is made in America by all of America. Here's how we'll do it:
The future must be made in America by all of America. Here's how we'll do it:
As I was saying.
Four years of Betsy DeVos is more than enough. We need a Secretary of Education who is actually a public school educator.
I commend the Task Forces for their service and for helping build a bold, transformative platform for our party and for our country. And I am deeply grateful to BernieSanders for working with us to unite our party and deliver real, lasting change for generations to come.
Increased testing isnt the reason for the surge in coronavirus cases Donald Trump's failed leadership is.
Trump launched his campaign by calling Mexicans rapists. He's spread racism against our Latino community ever since. We need to work in partnership with Mexico. We need to restore dignity and humanity to our immigration system. That's what I'll do as President.
Let me be clear: No one should be forced out of their home in the middle of a pandemic because they cant pay rent.
When there were cases, the President said it wouldn't spread any farther. We just hit our millionth case. We're paying for his failure.
. AdyBarkan The courage you show every day is an inspiration to so many, and I'm grateful to have you by my side in this fight. We may not agree on everything, but this we do: Health care is a right not a privilege. And we're going to make that a reality, together.
This is a national disgrace. We have to ensure these communities get the care they need immediately and then tackle racial disparities in health care and our economy head-on.
The most sacred obligation of our government is to keep our troops safe when we send them into battle and to care for them when they come home. We need a president who will honor that
Across the world, people come to this country with unrelenting optimism and determination toward the future. They study here, innovate here, they make America who we are. Donald Trump doesn't get that we need a president who does.
Americans are safer when America is engaged in strengthening global health. On my first day as President, I will rejoin the WHO and restore our leadership on the world stage.
We've seen what happens when the federal government fails to secure sufficient supplies of critical products like PPE and we can't let it happen again. So today, I'm releasing my plan to rebuild U.S. supply chains:
Donald Trump needs to do his job.
Character belongs in the White
To beat COVID-19, we need a coordinated national response from the federal government but Donald Trump refuses to do his job. I've laid out exactly what I would do, and I encourage this president to adopt the plan in its entirety:
Theres enormous opportunity once we defeat Donald Trump. We are going to build our health care system, our economy, and our country back better than they've ever been before.
The nation is crying out for leadership leadership that can unite us and bring us together. But this president has nothing to
With COVID-19 surging across the nation, Donald Trump should be doing everything in his power to increase access to testing. Instead, he's doing the opposite. It's despicable.
It didn't have to be this bad. But Donald Trump failed to do his job and we're all paying the
We cant afford four more years of Donald
We're going to beat Donald Trump. And when we do, we won't just rebuild this nation we'll transform it.
There are so many unsung heroes in our communities, especially in times of crisis. We owe Alassane and countless others a debt of gratitude and I'll fight for them every day in the White
On this Venezuelan Independence Day, my thoughts are with Venezuelans who continue to work tirelessly for the cause of democracy. Its time for free and fair elections so that the Venezuelan people can turn the page on the corrupt and repressive Maduro regime.
COVID-19 is surging across the nation, and this president is doubling down on his efforts to rip health insurance and protections away from millions. It's heartless and cruel and must be stopped.
Donald Trump wants to declare this health crisis over and unemployment solved so that he can get back to his campaign rallies. But hes wrong on both fronts. We need a president who will actually do the work needed to get us through these crises.
The hard truth is that it didnt have to be this bad, but Donald Trump ignored the warnings and refused to take action. He failed our nation.
Ive carried the middle class values that my parents instilled in me my entire life and theyre the values Ill bring to the White
Make no mistake, our best days still lie ahead. If we come together as one America, theres not a single thing we cannot do.
The health care workers on the frontlines of this fight are some of the greatest heroes our nation has ever
America was founded on the promise of equality, liberty, and justice for all and it's long past time we lived up to it.
American history isnt a fairytale. The battle for the soul of this nation has been a constant push-and-pull for more than years. But its a battle we can and will win together.
This Fourth of July, one of the most patriotic things you can do is wear a mask.
Our nation was founded on a simple idea: We're all created equal. We've never lived up to it but we've never stopped trying. This Independence Day, let's not just celebrate those words, let's commit to finally fulfill them. Happy FourthOfJuly!
If you put the wrong person in office, you'll see things that you would not have believed are possible.'
It didn't have to be this bad. But month after month, as other leaders in other countries took the necessary steps to get the virus under control, Donald Trump failed us. Here's what I'll do as president:
Its abundantly clear that this virus isnt going to just fade away, Mr. President. Its time for you to step up, take action, and lead.
Now more than ever, we need a president who will choose science over fiction.
Donald Trump styled himself as a wartime president. But now it seems this president has surrendered. He has waved the white flag and left the field of battle when we need him most. It's unacceptable. We need real leadership. Right now.
We are five months into this crisis, and our health care workers still don't have the masks and protective equipment they need. It's a national disgrace. Mr. President, use your authority and fix the shortage of PPE before you tee off for yet another round of golf.
Donald Trump has called himself a 'cheerleader' for the nation. But we don't need a cheerleader we need a President. One who will: - Lead by example - Take responsibility - Tell the unvarnished truth - Listen to the experts and follow the science
Wear a
Let me be clear: Theres no victory to be celebrated when were still down nearly million jobs and the pandemic is getting worse, not better.
This is a job Donald Trump is entirely unfit
Mr. President, it's too
This is a shameful move. Now is the time for employers to have empathy for families juggling work and caregiving. It's long past time for President Trump to show some leadership so we can get this virus under control.
Tune in as I address the nation on the economic crisis and the latest jobs report:
Mr. President, this pandemic isn't about you. It's about the health and well-being of the American
days.
Ill read my daily briefings.
Small businesses are the backbone of communities across our nation, and we need to do so much more to help them. Donald Trump may have forgotten about them but I never
If the reports are true, Donald Trump either read his briefings about the Russian bounties and did nothing or he didn't read them at all. Either way, it's an unjustifiable dereliction of duty. The American people deserve answers.
On day one, Ill get right to work tackling COVID-19. I'll bring together our nation's top experts and leaders from both parties to chart a path forward. We are all in this together and we've got to fight this
We need a clear message from the very top of our federal government that everyone needs to wear a mask in public. Period. Its not just about you its about your family, your neighbors, your colleagues. Its about keeping other people safe.
This is my promise to you: When I am President, I will take care of your health care coverage and your family the same way I would my
As ImmigrantHeritageMonth comes to a close, I want to make one thing clear: Immigrants have always made our nation stronger our diversity is, and has always been, our greatest strength. Donald Trump doesn't get that we need a president who does.
Folks, were just a few hours away from our end-of-quarter deadline, and we need your help to hit our goal. Every donation big or small goes a long way to helping us catch up to Donald Trump. If you can, please chip in today:
On the final day of PrideMonth, heres my promise to you: If I have the honor of being elected, I will be the most pro-equality president in our nations history. LGBTQ+ rights are human rights and we can't rest until everyone is treated with dignity and respect under the law.
Were facing a serious threat and we need to meet it together as one country. But this President gives us no direction and actively pits us against one another. We can't continue on like
If Im elected, Ill immediately reach out to Dr. Fauci and ask him to continue his incredible service to our country. Ill have the nations top medical experts and scientists ready to advise our response on day one and I'll actually listen to them.
Mr. President, the American people didnt make enormous sacrifices over the past four months so you could waste your time with late night rants and tweets. Step up. Take responsibility. Do your job.
Tune in as I deliver remarks on how President Trump failed to protect the American people, save our economy, and control the virus:
I want every single American to know: if youre sick, if youre struggling, if youre worried about how youre going to get through the day I will not abandon you. I will not leave you to face these challenges alone. We are going to get through this together.
As simple as it sounds, we need a president who listens. So much of this could have been prevented if Donald Trump listened to someone other than himself.
Folks, tomorrow night marks our first end-of-quarter deadline of the general election. We need your help to hit our goal so we can catch up to Donald Trump's hefty cash-on-hand advantage. I know times are tough, but if you're able, please chip in today:
The President spent his weekend
Heres my promise to you: Ill appoint a director who will actually go after financial predators and protect consumers.
Today's decision reaffirmed that states can't put in place laws that unduly burden a woman's right to make her own health care decisionsbut the fight isn't over. As President, I'll codify Roe v. Wade and protect a womans constitutional right to choose.
It's time we remember who we are as Americans: we treat each other with dignity and respect, we leave nobody behind, and we give hate no safe harbor. We are everything that Donald Trump is not.
William Perry Pendley spent his career fighting to sell off public lands and to allow drilling, mining, and logging on them with hardly any oversight. Now the President has nominated him to oversee them at BLMNational. Consider me opposed.
White supremacy should be rooted out and relegated to the pages of history not promoted by the President of the United States.
The arc of the moral universe bent a little bit more today.
Obamacare was and is a big deal. We can't let Donald Trump tear it down we have to protect and build on
years ago today, a movement was born on Christopher Street. As we remember the anniversary of the Stonewall Uprising and the brave individuals who changed our world forever, let's recommit to finishing the job and finally achieving full LGBTQ+ equality.
Donald Trump's entire presidency has been a gift to Putin, but this is beyond the pale. Its a betrayal of the most sacred duty we bear as a nation, to protect and equip our troops when we send them into harms way.
Today the President shared a video of people shouting white power and said they were great. Just like he did after Charlottesville. Were in a battle for the soul of the nation and the President has picked a side. But make no mistake: its a battle we will win.
Children should be released from ICE detention with their parents immediately. This is pretty simple, and I can't believe I have to say it: Families belong together.
Now, let's push our progress further.
Every day that Donald Trump sits in the Oval Office, he proves just how unfit he is to lead our nation.
Wear a
If Donald Trump prevails in the U.S. Supreme Court, insurers could strip away your health insurance coverage or jack up premiums simply because you experience long-term effects after battling the coronavirus. We can't let that happen.
Equal representation and participation matter. DCStatehood
I know these times are dark, but I firmly believe that our best days still lie ahead. If we come together as one America, there's nothing that we can't accomplish.
Health care is a right for all not a privilege for the few. We have to ensure every single American has access to the care they need and deserve. Heres what I would do as president:
Congratulations, Alexis. We need you in this fight. Proud to stand with you and Planned Parenthood Action Fund.
Progress is
Donald Trump is acting like a child who just cant believe this pandemic has happened to
Last week, President Trump claimed the virus would 'fade away.' Now, we're facing a record-high number of new cases, and it's surging across the country. Trump refuses to listen to the experts and take action and we're all paying the price.
In this moment, we have an enormous opportunity to root out systemic racism and close the racial wealth and income gaps. We can do it,
Donald Trump is the worst possible person to lead us through a global pandemic.
DC should be a state. Pass it on.
The American people have sacrificed so much to fight this virus we've lost lives, businesses, paychecks. And now, we're losing the progress we've made because this president refuses to do his job. Donald Trump has failed our nation every step of the way.
While President Trump continues his victory lap, over million Americans remain out of work. He may have forgotten about you, but I never will and I'll fight for you every single day in the White House.
While the Trump Administration continues their efforts to rip health care away from millions, I'm speaking about how we can make quality, affordable health care available to every American. Tune in:
Health care workers are selflessly risking their lives every day on the front lines of the fight against COVID-19 and hundreds have paid the ultimate price. They are American heroes and we cannot forget the sacrifices they made to care for us all.
Democracy is under threat globally. Restoring the soul of America means fixing democracy at home, and confronting not cozying up to dictators around the world. When I'm president, America will defend democracy at home and abroad.
Health care is a right for all not a privilege for the few.
This virus is not just going to disappear because you want it to, Mr. President. Listen to the experts. Take clear, concrete action. Do your job.
Tonight, DrBiden and I will be hosting 'A Community of Pride' to celebrate the th anniversary of the world's first Pride march. Join us, theebillyporter, jvn, catcora, and K_JeanPierre at :30 PM ET:
I am proud to have the NRDC_AF, under the exceptional leadership of my friend Gina McCarthy, by my side. Together, we'll lead the world in a clean energy revolution that will help us reduce our carbon emissions and create good-paying union jobs.
Ignore the polls. Register to vote:
Brian the courage and strength you've shown in the face of daunting odds is an inspiration to us all. I'm confident that with folks like you leading the way and with the power of our best minds, we'll find treatments and cures and beat this thing once and for all.
Workers called back on the job deserve access to regular, reliable COVID-19 testing.
Instead of passing police reform or helping hardworking Americans get through this crisis, Republicans are jamming through another one of Trumps unqualified nominees. It's wrong. Cory Wilson lacks judicial temperament and experienceand has no place on a Federal Court.
We need a president who will expand access to quality, affordable health care not rip it away.
To everyone who is scared, hurting, and wondering what's going to happen next: I want you to know I see you. I hear you. And I'll fight for you every single day in the White
Our planet cannot take four more years of Donald Trump.
The American people are tough, resilient, and always full of hope. Theres not a single thing we can't do if we do it together.
It's clear Donald Trump will stop at nothing to tear down Obamacare and rip health care away from millions. We cannot let him get away with it. We have to build on the ACA with a new public option to ensure everyone receives the care they deserve.
It's pretty simple: If we want to save people's jobs and save people's lives, we need more testing and we need it faster. The President is intentionally slowing it down.
This is yet another attempt to distract from this Administration's failure to lead an effective response to COVID-19. Immigrants help grow our economy and create jobs. The President can't scapegoat his way out of this crisis.
It's worth repeating that this weekend, President Trump admitted he directed his administration to slow down coronavirus testing in the middle of a global pandemic. He continues to prove just how unfit he is to lead our nation.
To Ashley, and all the health care workers on the front lines of this fight, thank you. You are American
Tomorrow, President BarackObama and I are hosting a virtual grassroots fundraiser. Well be answering some of your questions and taking a few trips down memory lane. You wont want to miss it. Time is running out to reserve your spot. RSVP today:
The strength of the LGBTQ+ community has always been rooted in the ability to find hope in spite of setbacks. If we stand together UnitedByPride, we'll get through this and emerge
No one should have to choose between their paycheck and their health. That's why my plan for a safe and effective reopening ensures everyone has access to testing and paid leave for all those who get sick from COVID-19. Read more here:
We can overcome four years of Donald Trump. But if we give him eight years in the White House, he will forever alter the character of our nation. We can't stand by and let that happen.
From my days as a public defender to my time as Vice President I've spent my career fighting against injustice. And I'm not finished
Trump talks tough on Venezuela, but admires thugs and dictators like Nicolas Maduro. As President, I will stand with the Venezuelan people and for democracy.
Trump opposed sanctioning Chinas government over its atrocious human rights violations to protect his hollow trade deal and serve his own personal interests. Where Trump has been weak, I will be strong, clear, and consistent in standing up for America's values and its people.
My dad instilled a lot in me, but perhaps most important is the belief that theres no higher calling than to be a good parent. Happy Fathers Day to all the dads working to help raise their children and all our children to be honorable, generous, and
I can't believe I have to say this, but we should be speeding up testing not slowing it
Its in some of our darkest moments of despair that weve made some of our greatest progress. If we stand together, as one America, we'll rise stronger than
Speed up the testing.
I've found that the way to overcome enormous tragedy in your life is to turn that grief and pain into purpose. Christian Cooper and I discussed how we can take our collective pain in this moment and turn it into a catalyst for
This nation has always strived to serve as a beacon of hope, but Trump has made it clear that he does not believe our country should be a place of refuge. As president, I'll recommit to building a more inclusive and welcoming America. WorldRefugeeDay
Folks credit me for speaking out on marriage equality in but I'm not the one who took a real risk. Countless others did the hard work and paid a price just for being themselves. Christian Cooper and I discussed the trailblazers who came before us and the work that
Donald Trump is so eager to get back to his campaign rallies that hes willing to put people at risk and violate CDC guidelines as long as they sign a waiver promising not to hold his campaign liable. Unbelievable.
The Tulsa Race Massacre is one of the worst incidents of racial violence in our history and it has been erased from our national consciousness for far too long. Its time we reckon with what happened in
Christian Coopers encounter in Central Park was another wake-up call for our nation and a reminder of the work that remains to root out hate and intolerance. I'm grateful for Christian's support and know with folks like him leading the way, we'll get the job
We're months into this pandemic and still don't have proper testing, PPE, or clear nationwide guidance. Instead, Donald Trump: - Pushes dangerous, disproven drugs - Stands in the way of the CDC - Refuses to wear a mask He is failing even the most basic test of leadership.
I know it can be hard to keep faith that we will ever achieve that more perfect union we strive to be. But ours is a union worth fighting for and we are all called to the cause. None of us can turn away. None of us can stay silent.
Donald Trumps failure to fight the coronavirus with the same energy and focus that he uses to troll his enemies on Twitter has cost us lives and is putting hope for an economic recovery at risk.
Ive said from the outset of this election that we are in a battle for the soul of this nation. Who we are. What we believe. And maybe most important who we want to be. Its all at stake. That's the case we're making in our first TV ad of the general
Juneteenth reminds us of how vulnerable our nation is to being poisoned by systems and acts of inhumanitybut it's also a reminder of our ability to change. Together, we can lay the roots of real and lasting justice, and become the extraordinary nation that was promised to all.
Amy from the moment you announced you were running for president in a snowstorm, it wasn't hard to see you had the grit and determination to do anything you set your mind to. You know how to get things done. With your help, were going to beat Donald Trump.
To all the Dreamers who make our country better and stronger every single day: Thank you. This country needs you.
The decisions of the last few days should remind us all of the immense power of the Supreme Court and the generational impact its justices can have. We have the power to shape the Court's future this November and we cant forget that.
I'm ready on day one. After more than three years in office, why isn't Donald Trump ready?
Dreamers are Americans. Period.
Just like Donald Trump couldnt wish COVID-19 away in March, and just like he couldnt tweet it away in April he cant ignore it away in
Heres my promise to you: On day one, Ill send a bill to Congress that creates a clear roadmap to citizenship for Dreamers and million undocumented people who are already strengthening our nation. Its long overdue.
It didnt have to be this bad. But we have a president who is more interested in taking a victory lap than he is in doing the work needed to solve this crisis. We need a president who will put the American people first and actually do the work.
Thanks, Barack. You're right and we won't stop until every Dreamer feels safe in this country.
Donald Trump inherited a growing economy from President Obama and me. And just like everything else he has inherited in his life, he has squandered
The Supreme Courts ruling today is a victory made possible by the courage and resilience of hundreds of thousands of DACA recipients who bravely stood up and refused to be ignored. And as President, I will get to work immediately to make it permanent.
Donald Trump wants to style himself a wartime president against an invisible enemy but he has surrendered the fight. Instead of leading the charge to defeat this virus, he has waved the white flag and retreated.
Vice President Pence claimed success because COVID-19 deaths are down to fewer than a day. That's more than a month and they're self-congratulating? Unbelievable. It may be good enough for President Trump, but it will never be acceptable if I am
Im proud to stand with folks across the country participating in todays WorkersFirst Caravan. Senate Republicans need to pass the HeroesAct now and take action to root out systemic racism.
If John Bolton's accounts are true, its not only morally repugnant, its a violation of Donald Trumps sacred duty to the American people to protect Americas interests and defend our values.
Donald Trump ignored the experts, downplayed the threat COVID-19 posed, and failed to take the action necessary to contain it and now in many states, COVID cases are on the rise again. This president has failed to lead our nation.
Five years ago, nine good souls were ripped from this world killed by hate and white supremacy. Today, we honor the memory of the Emanuel Nine and the unspeakable grace of those they left
I'm in Darby, Pennsylvania, to discuss how we can make sure the country's reopening is safe, effective, and gets Americans back to work. Tune in:
The truth of our nation is that too often the color of your skin alone can endanger your life and, for far too long, systemic racism has oppressed communities of color in the United States. It has to change.
We need a president who chooses unity over division.
Ive said it before, and Ill say it again: Donald Trump is running the most corrupt administration in modern American history.
We have the power to write the future we want for this country. One where health care is a right, we lead the world in the fight against climate change, we end our gun violence epidemic, and our government works for all not just the powerful. Lets do it together.
We cant forget that in the middle of a global pandemic, the Trump Administration is trying to gut Obamacare and rip health insurance away from millions. It's morally reprehensible.
Systemic racism pervades every part of our society, including law enforcement and we have to do the hard work to root it out. In January, I sat down with Jake, a field organizer on our campaign, to listen to what he had to say and discuss how we can move
This virus wont just go away because you want it to, Mr. President. Its time for you to step up and do your job.
Los Dreamers son estadounidenses. Trump les quit la proteccin que lograron con tanto esfuerzo. Esto es inaceptable. El primer da de mi presidencia enviar un proyecto de ley al Congreso que proteger a los beneficiarios de DACA de la deportacin.
LGBTQ+ rights are human rights. Period.
Folks, Ive got some big news: Next week, Im getting together with my friend and former boss, President BarackObama, for a virtual grassroots fundraiser. We would love to see you there. Chip in now to get your ticket:
Dreamers are Americans. But Trump's ripped away the hard-won protections of DACA recipients, throwing their lives into upheaval. Its unacceptable, and on day one of my presidency I will protect them from deportation and send a bill to Congress.
I wish I could say this hate began with Donald Trump and will end with him. It didnt, and it wont. American history isnt a fairytale with a guaranteed happy ending. It's up to all of us to do the hard work to ensure the American ideal finally wins
I'm grateful for PPact's support and proud to stand with them in this fight. As president, Im going to do everything in my power to expand access to quality, affordable health care including reproductive health care.
Donald Trump is not responsible for COVID-19, but he does bear full responsibility for his slow, uncoordinated, bungled response.
Race-neutral policies are not a sufficient response to race-based disparities. We need to tackle systemic racism head-on and ensure everyone has a fair shot at the American dream. Heres what I would do as president:
Today's decision is another step in our march toward equality for all. The Supreme Court has confirmed the simple but profoundly American idea that every human being should be treated with respect. But we're not done.
After reports of wealthy Trump donors getting millions in relief meant for small businesses, the administration is now refusing to disclose where the PPP money went. It's unacceptable. The American people deserve answers.
In every corner of the country, people are raising their voices and demanding justice. It gives me so much hope. Together, were going to transform this nation and ensure justice finally rings out for all.
We need a president who heals not one who fans the flames of hate. We need a president who unites not one who sows further discord for political gain. We need a president who leads the way with a steady hand not one who incites violence with his erratic tweets.
Were facing some of the greatest challenges in our nations history and its clear Donald Trump isnt up for the job. We need real leadership, right now.
We have to ensure every worker called back on the job has access to regular, reliable COVID-19 testing and effective personal protective equipment.
We need a president who will fight to further LGBTQ+ equality not roll back the hard-won progress we've already made.
We need real policing reform and we need it
Our nation is at an inflection point. We can't go back to the way things were before we have to take a bold step forward and usher in a new era of equality and opportunity. We can do it, together.
Here's my promise to you: I will seek to heal the racial wounds that have long plagued our nation not use them for political gain. We shouldnt accept anything less from an American president.
We need a national ban on chokeholds. Now.
Ive said from the outset of this election that we are in a battle for the soul of this nation. That is truer today than ever. If we give Donald Trump eight years in the White House, he will fundamentally alter the character of this nation. We cant let that happen.
In light of Donald Trump's inhumane reversal of protections for transgender people, I want to share a conversation I had a few weeks ago. Adi deserves to be treated with the same respect and dignity as anyone else.
On the fourth anniversary of Pulse. In the middle of Pride month. During a global pandemic. Donald Trump's cruelty truly knows no bounds. We have to defeat him this November.
Two years after Trump's Singapore meeting with North Korean dictator Kim Jong Un, the U.S. and our allies are less safe and Kim's arsenal of nuclear weapons and ballistic missiles keeps growing. Photo-ops and love letters are no substitute for deterrence and principled diplomacy.
Medgar Evers once said, 'freedom has never been free.' On this day in , he paid the ultimate price in pursuit of freedom for his brothers and sisters. He was gunned down fighting to end racial injustice. We must honor him by carrying forward that cause in our own lives today.
Four years ago today, lives were cut short in an act of unspeakable terrorism at Pulse nightclub. As we remember those we lost including so many in the LGBTQ+ and Hispanic communities we have to double down on our efforts to
We need real policing reform, and we need it now. Congress should immediately: - Outlaw chokeholds - Improve oversight and accountability - Create a model use of force standard - Stop the transfer of weapons of war to local police forces
Donald Trump forgot about COVID-19, but COVID-19 didnt forget about us. The President couldnt wish away the virus in April, he couldnt tweet it away in May, and he cant ignore it away in June.
Our country is crying out for leadership that Donald Trump cant
We need a president who chooses hope over fear.
We can't let history repeat itself Facebook needs to act now to stop the spread of disinformation and protect our elections. Watch my deputy campaign manager Kate Bedingfield break down what's happening and how you can help us fix it:
COVID-19 can affect anyone, anywhere but it doesn't impact every community equally. Watch as Dr. Ebony Jade Hilton explains how its impacting communities of
While the president was spiking the football and taking a victory lap, another million Americans filed new unemployment claims last week. He is completely oblivious to what's really happening in this country and hardworking Americans are paying the price.
We have to ensure our economic reopening is safe and strong and builds the foundation for an economy that works for everyone. Today, I'm releasing my plan to make that happen:
We have to make sure our economic reopening is safe, effective, and gets Americans back to work. Tune in for a roundtable discussion on how we can make that happen:
We have to make sure our economic reopening is safe, effective, and gets Americans back to work. Tune in for a roundtable discussion on how we can make that happen:
With less than days until Election Day, the stakes couldn't be higher. We've got to fix Facebook to protect our democracy and ensure fair elections. If you agree, sign the open letter today to demand Facebook take action. MoveFastFixIt
So far, Facebook has failed to enact any real reforms to stop the spread of disinformation on its platform. Time is running out. Today, we're releasing an open letter demanding the company change its policies:
Folks, we saw in what can happen when social media platforms are left unchecked and allow disinformation to run rampant. It puts the very integrity of our elections at risk. We simply cannot let it happen again in .
It's in our darkest moments that we've produced some of our greatest progress and we have that opportunity once again. Let's make this a moment of action to address systemic racism and propel our nation into an era of true equality and opportunity.
There is systemic racism not just in our law enforcement but also in housing, education, and everything we do and we have to do the hard work to end
We have to make this an era of action starting with real police reform. No more excuses. No more delays. Add your name to demand Congress ban chokeholds and pass real police reform right now:
This pandemic isn't just going to go away because you want it to, Mr. President. Step up and do your job before your negligence costs even more lives than it already has.
Ignore the polls. We can't take anything for granted this November the stakes are simply too high. Register to vote: Donate: Volunteer: Let's get to work.
Nothing about the fights we're facing will be easy. Racism has been a fixture in our society for hundreds of years. But Im ready to get to work on day one. We cant accept anything less from an American president.
Donald Trumps hate-filled, conspiracy-laden rhetoric is inflaming the racial divides in our countrybut just fixing the way the president talks wont cut it. We need to root out systemic racism and ensure Black Americans have a real shot to get ahead.
America was founded on the promise of equality, liberty, and justice for all. Weve never fully lived up to that promise and we cant rest until we finally do.
From ballot shortages and issues with machines to hours-long lines what happened today in Georgia should enrage us all. We need to act now to prevent it from happening again in November. Our democracy depends on it.
Because of Donald Trump's negligence and incompetence: - More than people have died - We have nearly million cases of COVID-19 - Over million Americans are out of work And yet hes patting himself on the back. Unbelievable.
Small businesses like Rafael's are the backbone of communities all across this nation. We have to do so much more to help them through this
Let me be clear: We can't leave this moment and once again turn away and do nothing. We need justice. We need action. We need reform.
Grief is a heavy burden to bear and it's even harder with the eyes of the world watching. I know. But that burden is now a purpose to change the world for the better in the name of George Floyd. That's the message I shared with his loved ones during today's
My Dad used to say there's no greater sin than the abuse of power. Whether it's an officer bloodying a peaceful protester or a President defending him with a conspiracy theory he saw on TV. I'm a Catholic just like Martin. Our faith says that we can't accept either.
million people who had jobs when you took office are unemployed today.
Together, lets make this an era of
This moment is a wake-up call for all of us. It's long past time we deal with systemic racism, growing economic inequality, and the denial of the promise of this nation to so
Donald Trump inherited the longest economic expansion in history from the Obama-Biden Administration, but like everything else hes inherited, he has squandered it.
To everyone speaking out and peacefully demanding justice across the nation: I see you, I hear you, and I stand with
At every turn, President Trump ignored the experts, downplayed the threat COVID-19 posed, and misled the American people and were all paying the price every single day.
We've made incredible progress on LGBTQ+ equality, but we still have further to go. We can't rest until everyone is treated with dignity and respect under the lawregardless of who they are or whom they love. Join OutForBiden and let's get to work:
We're facing some of the greatest challenges in our history, and Donald Trump is patting himself on the back. He just has no idea whats really going on in this country. It's time for him to step out of his bunker and look around at the consequences of his words and actions.
American history isnt a fairytale with a guaranteed happy ending. But we have the power to write the future we want for this nation. Don't let anyone tell you differently.
Donald Trump is the worst possible person to lead us through this moment.
Our nation is at an inflection point. We can choose four more years of Donald Trump's poisonous rhetoric and divisive politics or we can take the next great step
These disparities have plagued our nation for far too long. Its time we rebuild our country upon more just and equal foundations and finally close race-based wealth and income gaps.
We need to build an economy that rewards work not just
This isnt about politics. This is about the future of our country. Grateful for your support, Secretary Powell.
The words of a president matter. And time and time again, Donald Trump has callously used his to incite violence, stoke the flames of hatred and division, and drive us further apart. We cannot give him another four years in the White House.
We need to stand up as a nation with the Black community and with all minority communities and come together as one America. Because the pain is too immense for one community to bear alone. It is the duty of every American to grapple with it and grapple with it now.
I promised George Floyd's family that he wouldnt just become another hashtag and I intend to keep that promise. We need justice. And we need real police reform to ensure this never occurs again.
To all those families who are scared, and hurting, and wondering whats going to happen next: I want you to know I see you. I wont ever forget you. And I wont be satisfied until this economy starts working for all of
Today, we honor those who answered dutys call on June , , on the beachheads of Normandy. We must be a living memorial to their bravery and sacrificeand recognize always that our strength is rooted in our fervid and unfailing defense of democratic rights and freedoms. DDay
Today, the pain is so raw it can be hard to keep faith that justice is at hand or that we will ever achieve the more perfect union we all want. But ours is a union worth fighting for, and we are all called to the cause. No one can stay silent.
We're just days out from Election Day, and the stakes have never been higher. We have to defeat Donald Trump, and once we do, we wont just rebuild this country we'll transform it. Together. Help us make it happen:
Donald Trump was warned, but he failed to act. Now more than million Americans are out of a job and paying the price. It didnt have to be this
days.
Folks, tonight we secured the delegates needed to win the Democratic nomination. I'm going to spend every day fighting to earn your vote so that, together, we can win the battle for the soul of this nation.
Tonight, Im thinking of Breonna Taylors mother, Tamika Palmer. Today should have been her daughter's birthday. I've talked a lot about turning pain into purpose. But for Breonna and Tamika, its on us to find purpose. Our country needs to act now.
Donald Trump still doesnt get it. Hes out there spiking the football completely oblivious to the tens of millions of people who are facing the greatest struggle of their
This GunViolenceAwarenessDay, I am reflecting on the life of Hadiya Pendleton, whose murder inspired the WearOrange movement. The hard truth is that Black Americans are ten times more likely to die by gun homicide. It has to stop.
When it comes to this economic crisis, Donald Trump either doesnt know whats going on, or he just doesnt
Donald Trump is dangerously unfit to lead our nation through this moment. But don't just take my word for
Lets be clear about something: The depth of this job crisis is not attributable to an act of God but to the failure of a President.
George Floyds last words, I cant breathe, have echoed across our nation and around the world. For the President to try to put any other words in his mouth is frankly despicable.
Tune in as I speak about the latest jobs report and the state of the economy:
Those who have worked the closest with Donald Trump know how unfit he is to serve as President.
It is long past time we made the promise of this nation real for all of our people.
We are a nation in pain, but we must not allow this pain to destroy us. We are a nation enraged, but we cannot allow our rage to consume us. We are a nation exhausted, but we will not allow our exhaustion to defeat us.
We cant take four more years of this.
To everyone struggling with mental healthyou're not alone. There is no shame in seeking help, and there shouldn't be any barriers in your way to getting that help. Together, we can achieve mental health parity, expand access to care, and wipe out the
It's hard to believe this has to be said, but unlike this president, Ill do my job and take responsibility. I wont blame others. And Ill never forget that the job isnt about me its about you.
We are at our best when we open our hearts, not when we clench our fists.
Jim Mattis and I havent always agreed on everything, but you'd be hard pressed to find a more powerful indictment of Trump's actions and character than the one he's written. 'We do not need to militarize our response to protests. We need to unite around a common purpose.'
I wish I could say this hate began with Donald Trump and will end with him. It didnt, and it wont. American history isnt a fairytale with a guaranteed happy ending. It's up to all of us to create the America we know we can
More than million Americans have now filed for unemployment in the last three months, and Black and Latino communities are being hit hardest.
Theres no time to waste we need to get to work immediately on real police reform. Congressman Hakeem_Jeffries has a bill to outlaw chokeholds. Congress should put it on President Trumps desk in the next few days. Period.
The nation is crying out for leadership but this president has nothing to offer.
Donald Trump has turned our country into a battlefield riven by old resentments and fresh fears. He thinks division helps him. I ask every American to look at where we are now, and think anew: Is this who we are? Is this who we want to be?
We need a president who
Its in some of our darkest moments of despair that weve made some of our greatest progress and we have that chance once again. Were not just going to rebuild this nation were going to transform it. There is nothing we cant do if we do it
If we stand together, we will rise stronger than before. A more equal, more just, more hopeful nation closer to that more perfect union we must always strive to be.
I ask all of America not to deny our pain or cover it over but to use it to compel our nation across this turbulent threshold into the next phase of progress, inclusion, and opportunity for our great democracy.
If the Senate has time to confirm Donald Trumps unqualified judicial nominees, it has time to pass legislation that will give true meaning to our Constitutions promise of equal protection under the law. No more excuses. No more delays.
When Americans died because of his incompetent leadership, this president golfed. When Americans peacefully protested outside the White House, this president tear-gassed them for a photo-op. Donald Trump was elected to serve us all but he only looks out for himself.
The presidency is a big job. Nobody will get everything right. I wont either. But I promise you this: I wont traffic in fear and division or fan the flames of hate. I will seek to heal the racial wounds that have long plagued this country not use them for political
Thats what the presidency is: a duty of care to all of us, not just our voters, not just our donors, but all of
I cant breathe. George Floyds last words. But they didnt die with him. Theyre still being heard. Theyre echoing across this nation. Its a wake-up call for all of
Julin I made a promise to George's family that he wouldn't just become another hashtag. We're going to tackle this head on and we're going to need your help to do it. Grateful for your support.
Ive said from the outset of this election that we are in a battle for the soul of this nation. Who we are. What we believe. And maybe most importantwho we want to be. Its all at stake. That is truer today than ever. And its in this urgency we can find the path forward.
The President held up a bible at St. Johns church yesterday. If he opened it instead of brandishing it, he could have learned something: That we are all called to love one another as we love ourselves. Thats hard work. But its the work of America.
A country is crying out for leadership. Leadership that can unite us, leadership that brings us together, leadership that can recognize the pain and deep grief of communities that have had a knee on their neck for a long time.
Let us vow to make this, at last, an era of action to reverse systemic racism with long overdue and concrete changes. This morning I'm speaking in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania on where we are and where we need to go. Tune in:
Pride is a global movement of love, self-expression, and community resilient in the face of oppression and fear and hopeful for a better future. This month, let us recommit to those principles and remain steadfast in the fight for justice and equality.
He's using the American military against the American people. He tear-gassed peaceful protesters and fired rubber bullets. For a photo. For our children, for the very soul of our country, we must defeat him. But I mean it when I say this: we can only do it together.
In this moment, the very soul of America is at stake. We must commit, as a nation, to pursue justice with every ounce of our being. We have to finally make real the American promise: That all men and women are not only equal at creation, but throughout their lives.
Leaders
After another night of unrest in America, Im hosting a virtual roundtable with mayors from across the country to discuss where we go from here. Tune in:
We are a nation in pain right now, but we must not allow this pain to destroy us. As President, I will help lead this conversation and more importantly, I will listen, just as I did today visiting the site of last night's protests in
We are a nation in pain, but we must not allow this pain to destroy us. We are a nation enraged, but we cannot allow our rage to consume us. Please stay safe. Please take care of each other.
Trumps Tantrum Diplomacy is eroding U.S. credibility on the international stage. Withdrawing from WHO during a global pandemic is a recipe for disaster and increases the cost of the American response. We must instead rally the world to confront COVID-19.
If we are complacent, if we are silent, we are complicit in perpetuating these cycles of violence. None of us can turn away. We all have an obligation to speak out.
You can't defeat bigotry; it only hides. And when leaders give it oxygen as Donald Trump has done it comes roaring back. We all have a moral obligation to stand up, speak out, and hold people
Today, in lifting our ambitions and our imaginations to the heavens, the United States has once more reshaped the future of space travel.
Every day that Donald Trump spends in the White House, he further debases the values and ideals of our nation. He is wholly unfit to be
This is no time for incendiary tweets. This is no time to encourage violence. This is a national crisis and we need real leadership right now.
We are a country with an open wound. None of us can turn away. None of us can be silent. None of us any longer can hear those words I cant breathe and do nothing. We must commit, as a nation, to pursue justice with every ounce of our
Its time for us to take a hard look at uncomfortable truths. Its time for us to face the deep, open wound we have in this nation. We need justice for George Floyd.
Tune in as I address the unfolding situation in Minnesota and the killing of George Floyd:
I will be speaking more about the events in Minnesota later today.
I will not lift the Presidents tweet. I will not give him that amplification. But he is calling for violence against American citizens during a moment of pain for so many. Im furious, and you should be too.
This is not abstract: a black reporter was arrested while doing his job this morning, while the white police officer who killed George Floyd remains free. I am glad swift action was taken, but this, to me, says everything.
Enough.
We cant allow this crisis to exacerbate the disparities that plague our nation.
Were months into this crisis, and Donald Trump still doesn't have an effective national testing strategy. I do:
Ordinary people doing extraordinary things. That's the story of America and were seeing it written every single day. It gives me
+ lives lost across the country. + confirmed U.S. cases. + unemployment claims filed. Donald Trump has failed our nation.
Today, we learned that another million people filed for unemployment last week, bringing the total number of new claims since this crisis began to more than million. It's just the latest evidence of Donald Trumps utter failure of leadership.
Thirty years ago, I proudly cosponsored the landmark Americans with Disabilities Act. It was an enormous step forward, but there's more work to do. So today, Im releasing my plan to achieve full participation and equality for people with disabilities:
The hard truth is that this crisis didnt have to be this bad.
Two tweets from the same day in
Every day Donald Trump proves how unfit he is to lead our
Presidents are supposed to lead by example and every day Donald Trump proves how incapable he is of doing that.
George Floyds life
. DrBiden and I are saddened to learn of the passing of Larry Kramer, an American hero. Through his activism, Larry taught us all how to speak up and demand our government do its job. His outspokenness raised our consciousness on HIV/AIDS and saved countless lives.
There are moments in our history so grim, so heart-rending, that they're forever fixed in each of our hearts as shared grief. Today is one of those moments. lives have now been lost to this virus. To those hurting, I'm so sorry for your loss. The nation grieves with
Over the last few months, countless Asian Americans have been threatened, attacked, and blamed for COVID-19. They've cruelly been made the scapegoat by the most powerful man on the planet, President Trump. It has to end. Read more from TammyforIL and me:
Were in the middle of a global pandemic and not only is Donald Trump preventing people from getting the health insurance they need, but hes also actively trying to terminate the insurance millions already have. Its morally reprehensible.
Tune in now as TomWolfPA joins me for a conversation on how COVID-19 is impacting states:
This morning, Ill be joined by TomWolfPA for a conversation on how COVID-19 is making an impact on states. Tune in live at :30AM EDT:
Last year California passed AB5, affording gig workers protections and benefits like a minimum wage and overtime pay. Now, gig economy giants are trying to gut the law and exempt their workers. It's unacceptable. I urge Californians to vote no on the initiative this November.
George Floyd deserved better and his family deserves justice. His life mattered. I'm grateful for the swift action in Minneapolis to fire the officers involved they must be held responsible for their egregious actions. The FBI should conduct a thorough investigation.
Wear a mask.
Donald Trump's wealthy donors got tens of millions of dollars in relief, while countless small businesses were turned away. It's no wonder he didn't want any oversight. We need a government that works for all not just the super-wealthy.
The truth is asking for money is the worst part of running for presidentespecially in times as tough as these. But were coming up on our end of month fundraising deadline, and I need your help to ensure we hit our goal. If you can, please chip in today:
in U.S. workers has filed for unemployment benefits in the last weeks. Its a crisis unlike anything weve seen in our lifetime and the Trump Administration is failing to do enough to help.
Folks, today were launching League46 a next generation coalition ready to make Donald Trump a one-term president. We've got unlimited capacity to create change and together, were going to transform this country. Join today:
So much of this could have been prevented if we had a president who listened to someone other than himself.
We are months into this crisis, and Donald Trump still doesn't have a comprehensive plan when it comes to COVID-19 or the economy. It's unacceptable. I released a detailed plan laying out what I would do months ago, and have built on it since. Take a look:
Theres not a single thing the American people cant do if we do it together.
We have always been able to take crises and turn them into opportunities and we have the chance to do that once again. If we match our ambitions to the scale of the challenges we face, we can and will transform our country for generations to come.
This ruling goes a long way toward protecting the sacred right to vote, but there's still work to do. We've got to ensure everyone including individuals formerly incarcerated for felonies has the right to make their voice heard at the ballot box.
To all the members of our military and our military families, especially those who have lost their service member, thank you. We owe you. We can never lessen the magnitude of your loss, but this I can promise you: we will never forget.
The presidency is about a lot more than tweeting from your golf cart. It requires taking on the ultimate responsibility for the biggest decisions in the world. Donald Trump simply wasnt prepared for that. I promise you I will be.
Climate change poses an existential threat to our future and time is running out to address it. We have to get Donald Trump out of the White House and tackle the challenge head-on.
Hunger today isnt about scarcity its about a massive failure in leadership. If I were President, Id immediately work with chefjoseandres to empower our restaurants to be part of the solution as families go hungry during the COVID-19 crisis.
Were in the middle of a global pandemic, and the Trump Administration is trying to prevent people from getting health
Folks write letters to me asking all kinds of questions, but Jack's question on my favorite ice cream flavor might be the best one yet. Heres what I told him:
Make no mistake: I believe our best days still lie ahead. We can and will transform this nation together.
Nearly lives have been lost, and tens of millions are out of work. Meanwhile, the president spent his day
As Ramadan draws to an end, DrBiden and I want to wish a safe and warm celebration to our Muslim friends and neighbors. Even though we can't be all together to celebrate, we hope it is filled with joy, family, and success for the year to come. EidMubarak
Donald Trump has failed to live up to our trust and treaty obligations to Native Americans. Its unacceptable. Ill make meaningful investments in Indian Country including increasing funding for Indian Health Services and making that funding mandatory.
We can protect the sacred right to vote and protect public health at the same time.
The hard truth is Donald Trump ignored the warnings of health experts and intelligence agencies, downplayed the threat COVID-19 posed, and failed to take the action needed to combat the outbreak. Its one of the greatest failures of presidential leadership in our history.
Americans could be alive today if President Trump had acted sooner. Let's put that into
We're in the midst of the worst economic crisis in our lifetime, and Senate Republicans continue to delay relief for the American people saying, 'I dont see the need right now.' Unbelievable. We've got to take back the Senate this November.
Adi is an incredible young advocate for the transgender community. He also graduated high school today. We wanted to say congrats...with a couple friends!
Chip in to help make it happen:
No workers life is worth getting a cheaper hamburger.
Think of how many small businesses could have been helped with the $47 million that went to private jet companies owned by wealthy Trump donors. Its ridiculous. We need a president who puts hardworking Americans ahead of the wealthy and well-connected.
We will get through this, and we will come out stronger. I
In announcing the intent to withdraw from the Open Skies Treaty, President Trump has doubled down on his short-sighted policy of going it alone and abandoning American leadership.
I've said it before, and I'll say it again: No company pulling in billions of dollars in profits should pay a lower tax rate than firefighters and teachers. It's time for Amazon to pay its fair share.
Join Andrew Yang to discuss the economic impact of COVID-19. Tune in now:
In the middle of this crisis, President Trump is trying to cut food assistance. Its morally bankrupt. We should do everything in our power to ensure no one goes hungry in America.
A president who can't handle a crisis is no president at
It didnt have to be this bad. The hard truth is that Donald Trump failed to take action, and it cost American
Turns out, it takes more than a tweet to implement a comprehensive national testing strategy.
Im looking forward to joining my friend StephenAtHome on the colbertlateshow tonight. Check out some of my favorite moments from the last time I was on his show and then make sure to tune in to CBS at :35 PM
I don't usually Google myself, but I made an exception for WIREDs Autocomplete Interview. Check it out:
Donald Trumps inaction cost lives.
While we hope to soon return to some sense of normalcy in our lives, we cannot allow ourselves to return to the everyday gun violence that has plagued our past. We need to pass common-sense reforms and end our gun violence epidemic.
I promise you this: A Biden Administration will listen to scientists and heed their advice not silence them.
When I launched my campaign, I said we were in a battle for the soul of the nation were seeing that soul on full display. Folks are reaching out to help one another and doing truly heroic things. It makes me so proud.
This shouldnt be a partisan issue. We need to ensure every single eligible American can safely make their voice heard this November.
We don't have a food shortage problem we have a leadership
Donald Trump is using a global health crisis as an excuse to deport children and continue separating families. It's heartless and un-American. People across the political spectrum rejected these policies before, and will do so again, because they know families belong together.
Folks, Im excited to share that were hosting a grassroots fundraiser with PeteButtigieg. Grassroots donors are the backbone of our campaign and I want to thank you for all your support. Chip in any amount to join us Friday afternoon:
My heart and Jill's go out to the people of Midland, Michigan, experiencing another crisis in the midst of this pandemic.
Donald Trump needs to do his job and implement a national testing strategy.
From my home in Delaware to Milwaukee, Wisconsin join us for a virtual rally at :30 PM CT:
Donald Trump has failed to provide for our nurses and doctors on the frontlines. Now hes short-changing our troops and their families. Unacceptable.
Now more than ever, we need a president who will choose to unite rather than divide.
When we emerge from this crisis, we cant just go back to the way things were before. We need to take this country to a place weve never been. Where we finally live up to our highest ideals and everyone gets a full share of the American dream.
Congratulations to Dr. iingwen on the start of her second term. Taiwans thriving democracy and response to COVID-19 are an example to the world. Americas support for Taiwan must remain strong, principled, and bipartisan.
The United States of America has always emerged stronger from every trial and tribulation and we will again. We will overcome this.
Fundamentally, this is about whose side the government is on and whether it is accountable to the American people. This is a case I will continue to make, and if elected president will deliver on.
That's exactly why EWarren and I have called for more oversight. We need more conditions on corporations to ensure relief goes to their workers, not their CEOs. No $500 billion slush fund. No blank checks. The Trump Administration is prioritizing big corporations over workers.
During todays Senate Banking Committee hearing, Secretary StevenMnuchin1 refused to require corporations benefiting from $500 billion in CARES Act funds to keep workers on their payrolls. EWarren asked him several times, each time he ducked and refused.
Today, DrBiden and I are mourning the death of our dear friend, Annie Glenn. Her long life was filled with great love and great meaning, with purpose and her own brand of uncommon courage.
Tonight, I'll be joining chefjoseandres for a virtual town hall to discuss the impact of COVID-19 on food security and the restaurant industry and what our government should be doing to ensure no one in America goes hungry. Watch live at PM ET:
Donald Trump is the worst possible person to lead us through this crisis.
We need a president who believes in science.
I am proud to stand with NationalNurses in calling for a strong OSHA standard for RNs and other frontline health care workers and full utilization of the Defense Production Act to mass produce personal protective equipment.
Its time we reward the people who actually make this country work. Not Wall Street CEOs but the middle class. Ordinary women and men who are capable of doing extraordinary things when given half a chance. That's who I'll fight for every single day in the White House.
Donald Trump is not responsible for the coronavirus. But he does bear full responsibility for failing to protect our nation from the worst public health and economic crisis in our lifetime.
With your help, we'll defeat Donald Trump. And we won't just rebuild this nation well transform it. I know times are tough, but if you're able, please chip in today to help make it happen:
One of President Trump's top advisors admitted that this administration 'really let the country down' on testing. He's right. It's long past time for Trump to step up and implement a national testing strategy so we can begin safely reopening the economy.
- Expand vote-by-mail and early voting - Implement online voter registration - Ensure everyone can safely vote in-person We need to do everything in our power to ensure every American can safely make their voice heard this November.
Companies getting relief from taxpayers have an obligation to protect workers' paychecks, and the Trump Administration has an obligation to hold their feet to the fire to ensure they do. We need real relief paired with real oversightnot no-strings-attached corporate bailouts.
Donald Trump is the most corrupt president in modern American history and his recovery efforts are making that clearer than ever.
In the middle of the worst public health crisis in our lifetime, President Trump is actively trying to terminate health insurance for millions of Americans. It's unthinkable. Here's what I would do to ensure everyone has access to the coverage they need:
In times of crisis, Americans stand as one. It's who we are. And it's how we're going to get through this together.
A year ago today, the House passed the EqualityAct, a long-overdue bill that would ensure LGBTQ+ people are treated with dignity and respect under the law. But SenateMajLdr won't bring it up for a vote. It's unacceptable. Passing it will be a top legislative priority of mine.
I'm incredibly grateful for everyone who has chipped in to help fuel this campaign especially in times as tough as these. EWarren and I called a few folks to thank them for their
As we reflect on the incredible legacy of Brown v. Board of Education, were reminded of the urgent work that remains before us years later. We cant rest until every kid gets a fair shot, and we finally live up to our founding ideals of liberty, justice, and equality for all.
Moments of crisis require presidents to step up, transcend partisan politics, and unite the nation to achieve a common goal. But Donald Trump has done nothing but stoke divisionand we're seeing the effect every day. He is the worst possible person to lead us through this crisis.
No graduating class gets to choose the world into which they graduate, but few have ever entered at a point in this country's history where they genuinely have a chance to write a new chapter. Congratulations to the class of , I can't wait to see the future you
Behind every COVID-19 death is a family and a community that will never be the same. Behind every unemployment claim is a life thrown into uncertainty a person wondering how theyll make ends meet. There is a real human toll to this crisis. We cannot forget that.
Today, on the International Day Against Homophobia, Transphobia and Biphobia, I stand with LGBTQ+ people and their allies to celebrate and champion the inherent dignity and worth of all personsregardless of sexual orientation or gender identity. IDAHOTB
Congratulations to the Class of and to all those who were a part of the journey. I can't wait to see what you all accomplish. GraduateTogether
From this moment of crisis, we have the opportunity to not just rebuild our economy but transform it.
Every day Donald Trump proves how wholly unfit he is to lead our country.
We need a president who puts hardworking Americans ahead of the wealthy and
Defeating Donald Trump is going to take everything we've got. His campaign has been preparing for the last four years and has millions in the bank. I know times are tough, but if you can, please pitch in today to help us catch up:
On this Armed Forces Day, DrBiden and I want to express our gratitude and support for the men and women in uniform serving and defending our country around the world. Thank you for your selfless service and sacrifice. You continue to make us
It seems the way to get fired by President Trump is not to commit wrongdoing, but to investigate it.
Science over fiction.
The fact is Donald Trump wasted an awful lot of time, and lives were lost as a
I want Donald Trump to look the American people in the eye and explain why their hard-earned dollars are bailing out his wealthy donors.
We're building a campaign that will defeat Donald Trump and transform this nation but we need your help to do it. Join us this Sunday for a Grassroots Strategy Summit, where we'll lay out our path to victory and how you can get involved:
Unions like GoIUPAT are supporting their workers and communities during this pandemic. To build a stronger, more inclusive, and more resilient middle class after this crisis, we must encourage unionization. That starts with enacting the PRO Act.
Los fracasos internacionales de Trump han abierto el camino para que Cuba se una al Consejo de Derechos Humanos de la ONU. Esto traiciona a los presos polticos en Cuba y mina an ms la diplomacia de los EE.UU. Como presidente, defender los derechos humanos del pueblo cubano.
Trump's international failures have cleared a path for Cuba to join the UN Human Rights Council. This would betray Cuba's political prisoners and further undermine U.S. diplomacy. As President, I will lead by empowering the Cuban people and defending human rights.
To everyone who has lost a loved one due to COVID-19: I know it's incredibly difficult right now, but there will come a time when their memory brings a smile to your lips before it brings a tear to your eye. It will take time, but thats when you know youre going to make
If youre looking for ways to show off your support for the campaign or to stay entertained while were social distancing, weve got you covered. Check out our new free store where youll find everything from phone backgrounds to crossword puzzles:
We have the power to create the future we want. A future where: - We end our gun violence epidemic - We lead the world in combating climate change - Everyone has access to the health care they need - Our government works for all not just the wealthy and well-connected
To all of our front line workers who are working day in and day out to keep our nation afloat during this crisis, thank you.
We are months into this crisis. There is simply no excuse for President Trump's failure to implement a national testing strategy.
Tonight, StaceyAbrams and I will be joining Lawrence for a discussion on combating COVID-19 and how we can ensure everyone can make their voice heard this November. Tune in to MSNBC at PM ET to watch live.
What he said.
Donald Trump can deflect and shift blame all he wants, but the hard truth is he failed to protect our nation from the worst public health and economic crisis in our
Sherian, a small business owner from South Carolina, recently asked how I would help businesses like hers recover from this crisis and how we can tackle health care disparities among communities of color. They're important questions. Here's what I said:
The lives of tens of millions of Americans have been thrown into chaos through no fault of their own and Donald Trump simply isn't doing enough to help them.
Join me for a virtual roundtable on COVID-19 with Governors Gretchen Whitmer, Phil Murphy and Ned Lamont who are at the forefront of this crisis:
Small businesses are the backbone of this country. We have to do so much more to support them through this crisis. Here's what I would do if I were president:
With the void of leadership in the White House, governors across the country have stepped up to meet this moment. This afternoon, Ill be joined by a few of them for a roundtable discussion on COVID-19. Tune in at :30 PM ET to watch:
As the economy continues to spiral downwards and unemployment soars to Great Depression-era levels, we cannot ignore the hard truth: This crisis hit us harder and will take longer to recover from because of Donald Trumps failures.
There's nothing that the American people cannot accomplish when we stand together one nation, united in purpose.
Happy Birthday to the one and only
days into the coronavirus crisis, the White House does not have a plan, a framework, a philosophy, or a goal. Real presidents lead. Reality TV presidents dont.
Not only does the Trump Administration want to take away health coverage for millions in the middle of a pandemic, but now they want to let people go hungry, too. Their cruelty truly knows no bounds.
Moments of crisis require swift and decisive action from our leaders, but Donald Trump and his administration have done nothing but dither and delay. They have failed the American people on every single front.
I would trust the guy whos one of our nation's top public health experts, not the one who pondered injecting disinfectant into the body and looked directly at a solar eclipse.
Enough with the anger and division and fear-mongering, Mr. President. It's time for you to step up, appeal to our better angels, and unite the country. We'll overcome this crisis by coming together not by tearing each other apart.
It didnt have to be this bad. Donald Trump utterly failed to prepare for this pandemic and delayed in taking the necessary steps to safeguard our nation against the near-worst-case-economic scenario we are now living.
We owe so much to every single worker on the front lines of this crisis. The least we can do is provide them the pay and protection they need and deserve. Here's what I would do if I were president:
I joined PeterHamby on Snapchats Good Luck America to discuss everything from memes to stimulus oversight. Head to to watch the interview today, Thursday, and Friday.
A united party is key to winning the White House this November. The work of the task forces will be essential to identifying ways to build on our progress and not simply turn the clock back to a time before Donald Trump but transform our country.
Donald Trump can put up all of the banners he wants in the Rose Garden, but it doesnt change the fact that he failed our nation when it comes to COVID-19 testing.
I wish the president would spend less time talking and tweeting and more time listening to experts like Dr. Fauci. This isnt politics. This is life and death.
. DrBiden and I are saddened to learn of the passing of Aimee Stephens. We send our deepest condolences to her wife, Donna, and her family. Aimee's spirit and courage will not only be her legacy but our guiding light as we carry on her fight for equality.
The Trump Administration clearly knows what's needed to make workplaces safe and operational: adequate testing, contact tracing, masks, and additional precautions. They're putting in the work to keep themselves safe. Why aren't they doing the same for the American people?
This is a bunch of malarkey and you know it, senatemajldr. We left a -page playbook on how to fight pandemics. You can read it here if youd like: And make sure to pass along your notes to President Trump. He could use them.
Donald Trump knew about this crisis all the way back in January and his response since has been incompetent at
Thats the plan.
Here's the deal: We can choose who our country works for. We can choose whether it works for just the wealthy or everyone else as well. Thats the choice we must make all of us together this November.
Let me be clear: My Administration will review every single stimulus loan given to big companies and political insiders. We will find any dollar taken corruptly, we will come get it, and we will punish the
I believe everyone deserves a fair shot at success not just the Mar-a-Lago crowd.
Donald Trump just doesn't understand: We have an economic crisis because we have a public health crisis and we have a public health crisis because he failed to
In April, we raised $60.5 million between my campaign and TheDemocrats. I'm humbled and know what a sacrifice it is to give in times as difficult as these. But May is our most important month yet, and we need your help. If you can, please chip in today:
Donald Trump and his team seem to understand how critical testing is to their own safety. So why are they insisting that its unnecessary for the American people?
With folks staying at home during this time of social distancing, we put together some fun activities to keep everyone entertained. Text FREE to to be the first to get a look at what weve been working
Donald Trump hopes to split us into dueling camps, casting Democrats as doomsayers hoping to keep America grounded and Republicans as freedom fighters trying to liberate the economy. Its a childish tacticand a false choice none of us should fall for.
I have a better idea: give people coronavirus economic relief and don't hold their hard-earned benefits hostage.
This crisis presents an opportunity to not just rebuild our economy but transform it. AndrewYang joined me to discuss how we can do that and create a stronger, fairer, more inclusive middle class. Listen to the full episode:
No podemos callar ante la violencia contra personas transgnero de color, como las recientes tragedias en Missouri y Puerto Rico. Es nuestra obligacin garantizar que todos puedan vivir abiertamente, con orgullo y sin miedo.
We cannot be silent in the face of rising violence against transgender people of colorlike the recent tragedies in Missouri and Puerto Rico. It's our moral obligation to end this epidemic, and ensure everyone can live open and proud and free from fear.
. AndrewYang and I covered a lot of ground on the next episode of Here's the Deal, but the most surprising part might have been learning about his connection to the Roosevelts. Make sure to tune in for the full episode tomorrow morning:
Don't let anyone tell you differently: We have the power to write the future we want for our country.
Tax cuts for the super-wealthy. Bailouts for large corporations. Working Americans left behind. Thats Donald Trumps
I believe rebuilding the middle class is the moral obligation of our time. We have to build a stronger, more inclusive, more resilient middle class one that can withstand the next public health crisis or whatever else comes our way.
Ordinary people, given half a chance, have never let their country down. Thats who I believe in. Thats who Im in this race to fight for.
To the extraordinary mothers everywhere, like Catherine Eugenia Finnegan Biden, my wishes for a safe and happy Mothers
There's a clear choice this November: Donald Trump will do everything he can to terminate health care for millions in a global pandemic. I will do everything I can to ensure every American has access to the quality, affordable care they need.
Theres no quit in America. None at all. Were going to get through this and we're going to come out stronger.
This is inexcusable.
No one should pay a dollar out of pocket for coronavirus testing or treatment.
Imagine what we could be doing now with the $2 trillion in tax cuts that Donald Trump delivered for his rich
We need to rebuild the backbone of this country the middle class. And this time, we're going to bring everyone along. We have to make sure every single person gets a fair shot at success.
Crisis reveals character and character belongs in the White
Ahmaud Arbery was shot down in cold blood. His family deserves justice and they deserve it now.
Make no mistake: COVID-19 has caused a massive economic challenge. But this crisis hit us harder, and will last longer, because Donald Trump spent the last three years undermining the core pillars of our economic
Two years ago, Donald Trump withdrew from the Iran Deal. This week, he vetoed a war powers resolution that would've prevented him from starting a war with Iran without Congressional consent. His decisions have increased the risk of war in the Middle East.
Corruption is a feature of Donald Trump's economic agendanot a bug. He will pick his wealthy friends and corporate cronies over working families every time. I say its time we pick a different wayone where everyone gets a fair shot at success, not just the Mar-a-Lago
years ago on VEDay, America and its allies defeated fascism in Europe. From the devastation of war, we built a lasting peace. Today, as we honor the veterans who sacrificed for us, let us remember the importance of uniting against common threats.
It didnt have to be this bad. The hard truth is that Donald Trump was simply not up to the job.
Im the proud husband of a teacher who inspires me every day. Ive seen firsthand how hard teachers work with little support and few resources. Thank you to all the amazing teachers who've inspired and educated the future of our country.
Wouldn't it be nice to have a president who listens to someone other than himself?
Donald Trump loves to crow about what a great economy he built. This crisis has revealed what a failure Trumponomics has been. And American workers and families are paying the price. Tune in for my remarks live on nowthisnews at PM EDT.
Here's the simple truth: The United States of America has never been defeated when we're together and we're not going to be defeated now. We can and will overcome this.
I can't hit the campaign trail in-person due to COVID-19 so instead, Im traveling across the country from my home in Delaware. Head over to my Instagram to catch up on todays trip to Florida .
Where are the tests, Mr. President?
Every step of the way, President Trump has ignored the experts, downplayed the threat COVID-19 posed, and misled the American people and were all paying the price every single day. I promise you, I will do the opposite.
Over million Americans have filed unemployment claims since mid-March one out of every five workers. Its a national economic disaster that requires urgent action. We have to get help to everyone who needs it efficiently, equitably, and immediately.
Real presidents lead. Reality TV presidents
I believe the moral obligation of our time is to rebuild our economy in a way that finally brings everyone along. A Biden Administration will encourage the economic empowerment of African Americans and close the racial wealth and income gaps. Read more:
These folks are true heroes every single one of them. Take a minute to read their stories:
We can't host any in-person events due to COVID-19, but that won't stop me from hitting the campaign trailvirtually, of course. Tomorrow, I'll be making stops around Florida and wrapping up the day with a virtual rally in Tampa. Tune in at :15 PM ET:
Ive said it before, and Ill say it again: No one is expendable. No life is worth losing to add one more point to the Dow.
The nurses on the front lines of this crisis are American heroes. We owe them more than we could ever repay, but we can start by ensuring they have the protective equipment they need to stay safe, emergency paid sick leave, and premium pay. NationalNursesDay
You heard it straight from the president himself: He wants to terminate health care for millions of Americans in the middle of a global pandemic. We can't let that happen.
The stakes in this election have never been higher. Over the last few months, we've seen how wholly unfit Donald Trump is to lead our nation. We have to vote him out of the White House this November.
We cant sit by as Donald Trump and Republicans use COVID-19 as an excuse to disenfranchise voters. We need to ensure people have the opportunity to vote by mail, early vote, vote absentee and, in every way possible, safely vote in person this November.
Today, amid the COVID-19 pandemic, the Trump-backed lawsuit to dismantle the ACA enters a new phase. If Trump and Republican AGs succeed, itll mean devastation for our health care system that will cause untold pain and suffering. We can't let that happen.
These stories are heartbreaking and remind us that the numbers we see in the news are more than just statistics. Every death is a tragedy and marks a family and community that will never be the same. DrBiden and I are keeping them all in our prayers.
The video is clear: Ahmaud Arbery was killed in cold blood. My heart goes out to his family, who deserve justice and deserve it now. It is time for a swift, full, and transparent investigation into his murder.
This didn't have to happen. The Trump Administration failed to take action and produce desperately needed protective equipment and those on the front lines of this crisis paid the price. It's heartbreaking.
The Biden Administration will not silence scientists.
The choice between the economy and public health is a false oneif we dont beat the virus, we'll never get back to full economic strength and will lose countless lives. We have to get the number of new cases down and scale up testing before we return to some sense of normalcy.
Its important to stay connected while were social distancing but theres always that one friend who doesnt get the hint when its time to end the video chat. Glad we dont know anyone like that right, KeeganMKey?
It's been a big few weeks. President Obama, Secretary Clinton, Senator Sanders, Senator Warren, and Speaker Pelosi all endorsed our campaign. Now, we need your help to keep the momentum going. I know times are tough, but if you can, please chip in today:
Each week, I get hundreds of letters from people across the country. Folks share their hopes, ideas, struggles, and concerns and I try to respond to as many as I can. We're going to share a few of them with you in our new series: Sincerely, Joe.
Thank you to all the: Firefighters Paramedics Police officers Doctors Nurses Medical support staff Grocery and retail workers Meatpackers Delivery drivers Transit workers And everyone else on the front lines of this fight. You truly are the heart and soul of this country.
Let me be clear: Essential workers on the front lines of this crisis deserve premium pay, emergency paid sick leave, and protections that keep them safe.
Across the country, folks are stepping up, taking care of their neighbors, and lending a hand to those in need. It's who we are. In times of crisis, we stand as one. And it makes me so proud to be an American.
Today, Im releasing a new plan to achieve equity for the African American community and take us one step closer to making America what it ought to be. Read more:
Over million cases of COVID-19. Almost dead. What is upsetting President Trump? Tough questions from the press. Cry me a river, Mr.
Make no mistake: We can emerge from this crisis a stronger, better, and fairer nation. Its within our power we just need a president and an administration who are up for the task.
I've always believed that we've been at our best when we've acted as one America. This crisis is an opportunity for us to be that nation again. There's not a single thing we cannot accomplish if we do it together.
In times of crisis, the American people deserve a president who tells them the truth and takes responsibility. Donald Trump has not been that
The hard truth is that it didnt have to be this bad. The lack of preparation, the slow response on testing, the failure to administer the relief in the CARES Act appropriately all of it stems from Donald Trumps failures as president.
This Sunday night, settle in and join labor leader Dolores Huerta, actor John Leguizamo, Secretary Hilda Solis, and Congresswoman Escobar for a TodosConBiden discussion. Tune in now:
The American people are strong, tough, brave, and big-hearted. We can and will overcome this together.
Donald Trump seems to think he can direct funding based on which politicians are nice to him, which states hes trying to win in November, and which businesses he wants to enrich all without any accountability. EWarren and I think thats unacceptable.
This WorldPressFreedomDay, support for an independent press at home and around the world matters more than ever. We must vote Trump out this November and assure that attacks on our free press are never again acceptable especially not in the White House.
Trump deflects legitimate questions with attacks. He bullies members of the press, instead of taking responsibility for his failures. His efforts to undermine public confidence in the integrity of reporting violate our core values and threaten our very system of government.
A free press is essential to a free society. That's why attacking the press and attempting to intimidate independent media is a standard part of the authoritarian playbook around the world. And its why Donald Trumps efforts to demonize the media put us on such a dangerous path.
The U.S. Postal Service is an essential pillar of American life. We simply cannot let Donald Trump destroy it.
Over the last few weeks, I worked with our supporters and staff to create a code for our campaignthe principles well live by, reflecting the community weve built, the team we aspire to be, and some of my own rules as well. Im excited to share it:
This pandemic is bigger than any one individual or country. This moment requires all of us to come together across the nation and around the world to solve this crisis.
When I say Donald Trump is the most corrupt president in modern American history, this is what I'm talking about. Monty Bennett should return the tens of millions of dollars he received, and we should give it to the small businesses that need it.
We left a playbook. He ignored it. We created an office to prepare for pandemics. He gutted it. We had CDC officials in China to detect and contain outbreaks. He pulled them out. Trump can try and shift blame all he wants, but the fact is his actions left us unprepared.
Mi corazn y el de Jill estn con Puerto Rico a raz de los terremotos de hoy. Mientras la isla enfrenta el impacto de este suceso y la pandemia del COVID-19 tenemos que asegurarnos que reciban los recursos y la asistencia que necesitan para recuperarse lo ms pronto posible.
My heart and Jill's are with the people of Puerto Rico in the wake of another damaging earthquake. As the island grapples with both the impact of this earthquake and this pandemic, we need to ensure they get the resources and assistance needed to recover as soon as possible.
To USWNT: dont give up this fight. This is not over yet. To USSoccer: equal pay, now. Or else when I'm president, you can go elsewhere for World Cup funding.
On March th, Donald Trump said: Anybody that wants a test can get a test. It was a lie then, and it's still not true nearly two months later. It's a disgrace, and it's slowing efforts to reopen safely. This administration needs to act immediately to surge testing nationwide.
When we come together and act as one America, there's not a single thing we cannot accomplish.
No one should have to pay for coronavirus treatment. Period.
I'll say what Donald Trump won't: The Confederate flag, swastikas, and other symbols of hate that have been used in these protests have no place in America. The president should encourage folks to follow Gov. Whitmers public health orders not sow further discord and division.
As we mark the beginning of Asian Pacific American Heritage Month, DrBiden and I extend our best wishes to AANHPI communities across America. We look forward to celebrating your extraordinary accomplishments and contributions in the month ahead.
When we emerge from this crisis, we can't just go back to the way things were before. We have to build a better future for all. We can and will transform this nation together.
This crisis isn't about you, Mr. President. It's about the American
We have lived long enough with a President who doesnt think he is accountable to anyone, and takes responsibility for nothing. Thats not me. As a Presidential candidate, Im accountable to the American people.
We need a president who
We need more tests. Our front line workers need protective equipment. Americans need additional economic relief. Yet the Trump Administration is spending time and energy on President Trump's wasteful border wall. Unbelievable.
The number is overwhelming, but each one represents a life thrown into uncertainty, a family unable to make ends meet, and a community worried about how it will recover. We have to do more to help them. Now.
- More than people in the U.S. have died - million have filed for unemployment - At least million have gotten sick Enough with the late night Twitter tantrums, Mr. President. It's time for you to step up and lead.
Instead of preparing our country to fight COVID-19, Donald Trump wasted months and promised it would miraculously go away by April. He was wrong. And we're all paying the
An open and independent press is more important than ever in times like this. They deserve to be treated with respect not belittled with schoolyard taunts from this president.
Donald Trump either read his daily briefings and ignored the warnings, or didn't read them at all. Either way, it's a complete and unjustifiable dereliction of duty.
Ive been a big fan of Megans for years and cant wait to join her this afternoon. You can watch our chat live at :45 PM ET:
We may be physically apart, but we are all in this
As president, I promise you I'll honor all those we've lost from
The climate emergency isn't just a threat to our environment, it's a threat to our health, economy, and so much more. We have to get Donald Trump out of the White House and take action to combat it before it's too late.
In the middle of a global pandemic, the Trump Administration is still working to gut the Affordable Care Act and rip health care away from millions. It's morally reprehensible. They need to drop the lawsuit
With rent due in a few days and folks across the country worried they won't be able to make their payments, it's clear more needs to be done to provide relief. We need to freeze rent immediately for people who have lost their jobs and place a temporary ban on evictions.
The words of a president matter and Donald Trump has used his to downplay COVID-19, pass blame onto others, and mislead the American people. I will do the
The Trump Admin failed to provide enough testing, PPE, and safety enforcement. Workers have gotten sick, plants have closed, and the meat supply is at risk. It's past time workers have the protections they need to stay healthy and do their job safely.
'I wish he were president right now, but I can't wait until he is if all of us do our part to support the kind of person that we want back in the White House.' HillaryClinton Join us:
Wear a mask in public. Read your daily briefings. Listen to the experts. This really isn't rocket science. It's common sense.
Throughout our history, we have emerged from every crisis stronger than before and we will again.
We owe a profound debt of gratitude to the health care workers on the front lines of this fight. I checked in with Monica, an ICU Nurse, to talk about how she's getting through this and to thank her for all she's
I couldn't agree with HillaryClinton more. We need a president who will listen to the science, bring us together, and lead with compassion and heart. If I have the honor of being elected, that's the exact kind of president I will
There are nearly million people in the United States and according to the Trump White House, we've only conducted million COVID-19 tests. It's abysmal. Donald Trump needs to scale up testing, and he needs to do it immediately.
Let me be very clear: No one is expendable. We shouldnt allow rationing of health care that discriminates based on age or disability.
The fact is there has been so much unnecessary death in this country. If we had listened to the experts and heeded their warnings, it could have been stopped short. But Donald Trump failed to act and now the American people are paying the
Ive known HillaryClinton for years, and know that her dedication and passion for bettering our country are second to none. Im grateful for her endorsement and for her friendship and look forward to working alongside her to get Donald Trump out of the White
COVID-19 is affecting the entire nation, but the impact doesnt look the same for everyone. I'm hosting a town hall on how COVID-19 is impacting women and I'll be joined by special guest Hillary Clinton. Tune in now to watch:
If you're excited too, join us at PM ET:
(I'm with her.)
We're months into this crisis and workers still don't have enough protective equipment, there still aren't enough tests, and the death toll continues to rise. The President should spend less time congratulating himself and more time doing his job.
We are months into this crisis, and health care workers still dont have the protective equipment they need. Its a national disgrace.
Tomorrow afternoon, I'll be hosting a town hall on how COVID-19 is impacting women and I'll be joined by a special guest. Tune in at PM ET to watch:
The Trump Administration could have helped prevent this. But once again, they failed to take action and now the American people are paying the price.
Testing is the springboard we need to help get our economy safely up and running again. Trump could rapidly scale it up. He hasnt. Instead, hes passed blame and pushed sole responsibility to governors. We've got to do better.
COVID-19 is a danger to everyone. We will stop it by coming together as one America not by targeting others. Thank you for helping lead this fight, AndrewYang.
Join Senator Kamala Harris and Symone Sanders for a town hall addressing the impact and disparities of COVID-19 in the Black community. Tune in now:
COVID-19 can hit anyone, anywhere but it doesnt affect every community equally. This afternoon, join Senator KamalaHarris and SymoneDSanders for a discussion on its disproportionate impact on communities of color. Tune in at :30 PM ET:
We want our country to get moving and healthy again. But we must take the necessary, rational steps, grounded in science, to do so safely, so COVID-19 doesnt come roaring back.
I'm incredibly honored by SpeakerPelosi's endorsement and grateful for her historic leadership in Congress. Together, we helped pass Obamacare and together we can not only bring this country back from the brink from this current crisis, but transform it.
America has always met every big challenge with an even bigger solution this moment should be no different. We need an infrastructure program that will combat climate change and create good-paying jobs at the same time.
Wealthy firms with ties to Trump got millions, while countless small businesses were turned away. No wonder he wanted no one to watch how the money was deployed. The American people deserve rigorous oversight and small businesses deserve relief. Now.
The American people are stepping up and rising to meet this moment. It's time for our president to do the same.
Now more than ever, we need a president who will choose hope over fear, unity over division, truth over lies, and science over
Imagine the future we can build with Donald Trump out of the White House. A future where: - Health care is a right - We combat climate change - We end our gun violence epidemic - Our government works for all not just the powerful Lets build that future, together.
The workers on the front lines of this crisis are risking their lives every day to combat COVID-19 and keep this country running. The least we can do is provide them the pay and protection they need and deserve.
days ago, we launched this campaign. days from now, well beat Donald Trump. Lets go win this thing,
I bet this made their day. Thank you for stepping up and doing what you can to help those on the front lines of this fight.
Michelle, this is a great idea. Thank you for doing what you can to ensure folks have the masks they need to stay safe.
Julie, I cant thank you enough for all youre doing to ensure folks have food and supplies during this crisis.
This is great, Addie. Tell your mom and sister I say thank you for lending a helping hand to your neighbors.
Amanda, this is remarkable. Thank you for stepping up and supporting our front line heroes. I know the staff will greatly appreciate your donations.
Today, folks across the nation have showed their compassion by participating in our first ever SOULSaturday. Tune in now as we end the day with a celebration for our campaigns one year anniversary:
One year ago, we launched this campaign. Whether you were on TeamJoe from day one or have joined in recent weeks Im incredibly grateful for your support and hope I make you proud. Together, were going to beat Donald Trump, unite this country, and transform our nation.
Its stories like these that make me so proud to be an American and make me confident that we will overcome this. Because theres nothing the American people have been unable to accomplish when we do it together.
After seeing the shortage of masks around the country, Marilyn decided to step up and organize efforts in Northern Virginia to make homemade masks. Because of her selfless work, countless front line workers have the masks they need to stay safe.
Older adults are especially vulnerable to COVID-19. Recognizing that, Erica decided to organize youth in her community to buy groceries for seniors ensuring they receive the food they need while staying safe at home. She's a true hero.
Brien usually works at the Ford Plant in Rawsonville, Michigan, driving a semi. But when the plant started assembling much-needed ventilators, he courageously stepped up and volunteered to help. His selfless actions will no doubt save countless lives.
John, a Facilities Maintainer from Staten Island, recently contracted and survived the coronavirus. Shortly after he recovered, a colleague contracted the virus and needed plasma to battle it. John heroically stepped up and donated his plasma to help his coworker.
Across the country, people are stepping up and doing incredible things amid this pandemic. Its who we are as Americansin times of crisis, we stand as one. For SOULSaturday, I called a few folks to thank them for all theyre doing. Here are some of their stories:
Tonight, were hosting a SOULSaturday rally to celebrate the one-year anniversary of our campaign! Join us at PM ET:
We may be physically apart, but folks across the country are coming together to check in on their neighbors and thank our front line heroes. Use SOULSaturday to show how youre participating
When I announced my campaign one year ago today, I said we were in a battle for the soul of the nation. One year later, that is as true as it has ever been. I believe we can and we will emerge from this crisis a stronger, better, and fairer nation. Together, as one
Donald Trump needs to step up and do everything he can to give our front line workers the protective equipment they
I know times are tough, but we have to campaign as hard as ever to take the strongest fight possible to Donald Trump. He has a lot more money than us, and we need your help to close the gap. If you can, please chip in today:
Folks, to celebrate the one-year anniversary of our campaign, we'll be hosting a SOULSaturday Rally tomorrow night! We may be physically apart, but I hope you'll join us in coming together at PM ET:
The health of the American people is not a joke, Mr. President.
I cant believe I have to say this, but please dont drink bleach.
Let me be clear: This crisis isnt about you, Mr.
Today, we remember the atrocities faced by the Armenian people in the Metz Yeghern the Armenian Genocide. If elected, I pledge to support a resolution recognizing the Armenian Genocide and will make universal human rights a top priority.
No matter who you supported throughout the primary, I want you to know that you have a home in our campaign. Youre not just wanted youre needed. Together, we will beat Donald Trump and transform this nation. Join us:
These folks are American heroes.
I know this is a dark time for so many people, just know that we will get through this. We will emerge from this crisis stronger than ever
UV light? Injecting disinfectant? Heres an idea, Mr. President: more tests. Now. And protective equipment for actual medical professionals.
The words of a president matter never more than in times of crisis. A president should seek to calm and heal, provide a steady hand, and a clear path forward. Instead, this is what we get from Donald
Donald Trump will always put his wealthy and well-connected friends first that should come as no surprise. But to allow the banks to do it on the backs of small business owners in the middle of a global pandemic is a new low even for him.
To celebrate the one-year anniversary of our campaign, we're hosting our first SOULSaturday this weekend. Folks across the nation will be taking time to check-in on neighbors and thank those on the front lines of this fight. I hope you'll join us:
As Muslim families across America and around the world celebrate the beginning of Ramadan, DrBiden and I want to extend our best wishes to all who are observing this holy month. Ramadan Mubarak.
Times of crisis often bring out our best. There are so many stories of good happening around the world amid the COVID-19 pandemic. Take a minute to read a few:
million people unemployed. That's not just a statistic every one is a life thrown into uncertainty. Every worker left wondering when they will next see a paycheck is part of this American crisis and Donald Trump isn't doing enough for them.
Unlike our current president, I will always choose science over fiction.
Make no mistake: The climate crisis poses an existential threat to our future. But I know the American people have the spirit, power, and ingenuity to meet the challenge head-on. Theres nothing weve been unable to accomplish when we do it together.
Workers, like grocery store cashiers, are on the front lines of this crisis risking their lives every day to combat COVID-19 and keep this country running. President Trump is refusing to do his job, but we've got to do ours. Learn more: ShopSmart
Our planet cannot afford four more years of Donald Trump.
We have the power to change the future of our planet and it starts at the ballot box this
This EarthDay, lets recommit to doing everything in our power to combat climate change. That starts with voting Donald Trump out of the White House this November.
Stranger things have happened.
Fifty years ago, EarthDay began as a day of organizing that demonstrated the power of community action. This year, its also a reminder of everything thats on the line if we do not get Donald Trump out of the White House.
The climate emergency requires our urgent action. As president, I will: - Ensure we achieve a % clean energy economy and net-zero emissions by - Rejoin the ParisAgreement and rally the world to go further - Make the largest-ever investment in clean energy
Join me on Earth Day for a virtual town hall with special guest Al Gore on one of the most pressing issues facing our country and the world. Tune in now:
Join me on EarthDay for a virtual town hall on one of the most pressing issues facing the world. Tune in at :30 PM ET:
Throughout my career, I've been committed to the fight against climate change. And on day one as president, I'll get to work taking the drastic action we need to address this crisis.
On EarthDay, we're reminded that there is no more urgent crisis facing this nation, or the world, than the threat posed by climate change. We have to take drastic action before its too late and thats exactly what I will do as president.
Folks, we just launched a special EarthDay episode of Here's the Deal! Governor JayInslee joins me for a discussion on COVID-19, climate change, and why he's supporting our campaign. Listen to the full episode now:
The Trump Administration promised million tests by the end of March. As of now, only million have been completed. Its unacceptable. We cant safely reopen the economy without scaling up testing, and we cant effectively scale up testing unless Donald Trump does his job.
The Paycheck Protection Program was intended to send help to the small businesses that needed it most, but President Trump adopted an approach to help his high-priced friends. We've got to do better. Here's what I would do if I were president:
The right to vote is the most fundamental American right there is. We need to immediately expand vote-by-mail, online voter registration, and early voting to ensure everyone can safely exercise their right to participate in our electoral process.
I know COVID-19 is causing many people to feel anxious about what the future holds or lonely during this time of social distancing and that's okay, just know that you're not alone. I've asked my friend, Dr. Vivek Murthy, to share a few tips on how to get through
This Holocaust Remembrance Day, as we remember the millions of Jews who lost their lives at the hands of the Nazi regime, we recommit to ensuring such atrocities never again occur. With anti-Semitism on the rise, all of us must root out intolerance and give hate no safe harbor.
Out of every trial and tribulation, America has always emerged stronger and we will again. We will not be defeated.
I am honored to have the endorsement of the League of Conservation Voters, a leading environmental advocacy organization. Climate change is an existential threat, and there is no greater challenge and opportunity facing our country and our world.
In March alone, this campaign raised $46.7 million, with % from online donations. This virus has changed our campaign. But it hasn't changed the unwavering support we've gotten from all of you. Together, we're going to defeat Trump. Help keep us going:
The President needs to stop blaming others and do his job.
Tune in now as fred_guttenberg hosts a town hall on gun violence with StudentsForBiden, years after the Columbine High School massacre:
No kid should fear for their life at school & no parent should worry whether their kid will come home safe. Today, years after the Columbine shooting, fred_guttenberg will host a town hall with students on how we can end this epidemic. Tune in at PM:
The office of the presidency comes with the ultimate responsibility for the biggest decisions in the world. Every great president throughout our history has met that duty with the leadership it demands. Donald Trump has
Like many families, we have had to find new ways to stay connected while we're physically apart. We've been video chatting with our grandchildren a lot and decided to record one to share with you all. Take a
On SOULSaturday, folks will be doing everything from sewing masks and hosting food drives to writing letters to first responders and making calls to check in on neighbors. We are all in this togetherand I hope you'll join us by signing up to take action:
In times of crisis, Americans stand as one. We lend a hand to our neighbors and take care of those in need. It's who we are. In that spirit, and to celebrate the one-year anniversary of our campaign, we're hosting S.O.U.L. of the Nation Saturday this weekend.
We have to come together to make Donald Trump a one-term president. Once we do that, we will not only do the hard work of rebuilding this nation we will transform it and create a better future for all.
On this weeks episode of Heres the Deal, Senator AmyKlobuchar joins me for a discussion on how COVID-19 has impacted her family and what drove her to get involved in politics. Listen to the full episode at:
At a time when Trump is fanning the flames of white supremacy and hatred in our country, my heart is with the families of those we lost in the Oklahoma City bombing years ago today. We must never give up the fight against these forces of hate and intolerance.
Tune in to watch SymoneDSanders and actor TonyGoldwyn host a town hall on how COVID-19 has impacted workers in the entertainment industry:
. DrBiden and I are keeping the loved ones of the more than people in the U.S. we've lost due to COVID-19 in our prayers. This is a solemn day for our nation, and there will be more hard days ahead. But if we pull together, we will get through this. I promise.
Tonight, SymoneDSanders and actor TonyGoldwyn will be hosting a town hall focused on how COVID-19 is impacting workers in the entertainment industry. Tune in at PM ET to watch:
To everyone working on the front lines of this crisis, thank you. We truly couldn't get through this without
No President can promise to prevent future outbreaks. But I can promise you that when I'm President, we will prepare better, respond better, and recover better. We'll listen to the experts and heed their advice. And I will always tell you the truth.
At a time when studies are linking air pollution with COVID-19 mortality rates for the most vulnerable in our society, the Trump Administration is rolling back environmental protections allowing more poison into our air.
As Kierkegaard said, faith sees best in the dark. I've always believed that. This pandemic is keeping many communities apart, but we've still got to keep the faith. Jill and I are wishing a Happy Easter to all of the Orthodox Christians celebrating around the world.
The United States should be standing up for freedom and standing with the people of Hong Kong. Instead, Trump has said he's standing with Xi Jinping. That's weak. We need to be strong on values when it comes to China. That's what I'll do as president.
I couldn't be prouder of my friends LadyGaga and Chris Martin of Coldplay for organizing the GlblCtzn One World: TogetherAtHome broadcast. We are all in this fight together and if we stand as one, we will defeat COVID-19.
On Sunday night, SymoneDSanders and actor TonyGoldwyn will be hosting an unemployment town hall on how COVID-19 is impacting entertainment workers. Tune in tomorrow at PM ET to watch live:
We will not be
Donald Trump left our country unprepared and unprotected for the worst public health and economic crisis in our lifetime and now we're paying the
Donald Trump says hes a wartime president its time for him to act like one.
Donald Trump may not like it, but it's his responsibility to step up and lead our nation's testing strategy. Mass testing is key to reopening the economy and returning to some semblance of normalcy.
Donald Trump continues to do the exact thing we teach our kids not to do: blame others. Its always somebody else's fault never his. Its unbelievable. We deserve better from our commander in
Donald Trump is not responsible for COVID-19, but he is responsible for our slow, uncoordinated response. Experts say that if we had acted two weeks earlier, more lives could have been saved. Trump failed to take swift actionand we're paying the price.
President Trump is trying to rewrite history when it comes to China and COVID-19 but the facts don't back him up. Tony Blinken was the Deputy Secretary of State and is one of my top foreign policy advisors. He'll
The uncomfortable truth is that Donald Trump left America exposed and vulnerable to this pandemic. He ignored the warnings of health experts and intelligence agencies and put his trust in China's leaders instead. Now, we're all paying the price. Let me explain how we got
I know the American people will beat this. Were brave and big-hearted. Weve emerged stronger from every crisis that has tested us as a nation and we will again.
Were in the middle of a global pandemic. No one feeling ill should have to choose between earning a paycheck or staying home to recover. We need to provide paid sick leave to everyone who needs it immediately.
It's been a big week: President Obama, Senator Sanders, and Senator Warren all endorsed our campaign and we need your help to keep this momentum going. I know times are tough, but if you're able, please chip in today:
Together, we will defeat Donald
Todays news that more than million people filed unemployment claims over the last month is devastating. Its clear more needs to be done to help hardworking Americansso Im calling for a bigger, bolder approach to keeping people on the job. Read more:
These racist acts have got to stop. No one should be targeted for what they look like, where they or their ancestors come from, or who they are. COVID-19 is a danger to everyone. We will stop it by coming togethernot by targeting people of AAPI heritage.
Here's the simple truth: This nation has never been defeated when we're together and we're not going to be defeated now. We will overcome
When we emerge from this crisis, we can't just go back to the way things were. We need to build a better future for all.
To combat COVID-19, we need a decisive public health response to curb its spread and a comprehensive economic response that delivers real relief to Americans. I've released several plans outlining exactly what I would do if I were president. Take a look:
When somebody is President of the United States, the responsibility is
So this week, were working through what ours will be. There are a few I know: compassion, kindness, humility, gratitude, and joy. But I want your help. Our supporters have been here from the startand I want to know: what should be in our campaigns code?
We wont defeat this President by being like him. Well win by doing the opposite. Where he seeks to divide us, well connect people. Where he shows cruelty, well show compassion. And when he fights, well fight harder. But we cant do it without you.
Mayor PeteButtigiegs campaign had a set of rules of the road that helped define the character of his campaign and his supporters. I think its a good idea, and one Id like TeamJoe to adopt.
In the Biden family, we have a code: My mom used to always tell me, Joey, no one is better than you. Everyone is your equal, and everyone is equal to you. Im working on building one for our campaign, too.
Managing an economic relief and recovery effort is hard, painstaking work. The devil is in the details. Its all about follow-through. I've done the work before, and I'll be ready to do it on day one as president.
We are building the movement that will beat Donald Trump. Join us:
Millions of folks are relying on the workers at the front lines of this crisis. Ill be talking to a few of them for our virtual town hall. Tune in:
This afternoon, Ill be hosting a virtual town hall with a few workers on the front lines of this crisis. Tune in at :00 PM ET to watch live:
COVID-19 is amplifying so many inequities in our society. We have to ensure support gets to those who need it immediately, and then do the necessary work to rip out the structural racism that creates these inequalities.
The Presidents vanity is preventing people from paying their bills.
We are in a battle for the soul of this nation and Im proud to have the fiercest of fighters, Senator EWarren, on my side. With her help, were going to beat Donald Trump and create a government that works for everyone not just the wealthy and well-connected. Lets do this.
From my basement to your sneaker room. Tune in Thursday at PM ET on SHODesusAndMero to watch!
I want Donald Trump to look these folks in the eye and explain to them why they or their loved ones havent been able to get tested for COVID-19. Weve got to do
Lets do
Millions of people are relying on the workers on the front lines of this crisis. Tomorrow, Ill be joined by a few of them for a virtual town hall. Tune in tomorrow at PM ET:
You have great taste, SpeakerPelosi.
Stories like this showcase exactly who we are as Americans. In times of crisis, we stand as one. We help out folks we've never met, lift each other up, and do our part to ensure we make it through. We will overcome this, together.
President Obama understands, as I do, that we will come through this crisis stronger. And then well not only rebuild this nation we will transform it.
Barack This endorsement means the world to Jill and me. Were going to build on the progress we made together, and theres no one Id rather have standing by my side.
Leadership is about never proclaiming power. Its about collaboration, its about coming together in a crisis and finding common ground. Its about results. Thats who I am and the role I aspire to fulfill in guiding this democratic nation to better times.
I am not running for office to be King of America. I respect the Constitution. Ive read the Constitution. Ive sworn an oath to it many times. I respect the great job so many of this countrys governors Democratic and Republican are doing under these horrific circumstances.
I want to congratulate judgekarofsky on her hard-earned victory tonight. In the face of rampant voter suppression and GOP recklessness, the people of Wisconsin showed up and made their choice clear. I know Wisconsin will be a fairer, more just state with Jill on the court.
I am grateful to have the support of so many Wisconsinites and proud of the courage and commitment folks showed during last week's primary but it should never have come to that. No one should ever have to choose between their health and our
It shouldn't take a global pandemic shutting down schools to end school shootings.
For months, the Trump Administration was repeatedly warned about the threat COVID-19 posed to our nation. They ignored the experts, failed to take action, and now Americans are paying the price.
Were in the middle of a global pandemic. We need a president who actually listens to public health experts.
To Bernies supporters: I see you, I hear you, and I understand the urgency of what it is we have to get done in this country. I hope you will join us. You are more than welcome on this campaign. Youre needed.

I'm speaking now about our nation's economic response to COVID -- and I'll have a special guest with me. Tune in:
Folks, I hope you'll join my :00 PM Economic Response to COVID-19 remarks I'll be joined by a special guest. Tune in at :00 PM to watch live!
Our U.S. Postal Service workers are at the front lines of this crisis. Millions of people are relying on them for things like medicine and other essentials. And the President is trying to let them fail. Congress should do everything it can to prevent this.
Tune in at :00 PM today for remarks on the urgent and dire need for a full economic response to COVID-19 at
For this episode of Heres the Deal, Pulitzer Prize-winning author Jon Meacham joined me to discuss presidential leadership and what it should look like in times of crisis. You can listen to the full episode at or wherever you get your
We're facing a crisis unlike any we've faced before and I couldn't be prouder of how the American people are
To everyone on the front lines of the fight against COVID-19, thank you. We truly couldn't get through this without you.
As we prepare to reopen America, we have to remember what this crisis has taught us: The administrations failure to plan, to prepare, to honestly assess and communicate the threat to the nation led to catastrophic results. We cannot repeat those mistakes.
Folks, we just released a special Sunday episode of Heres the Deal! RevDrBarber joined me for a discussion on faith and its intersection with some of the most pressing issues we face as a nation. Listen at or wherever you get your
This Easter, Jill and I wish all of you and your families a safe and joyful celebration, and we join our prayers with those of people from every faith for health, happiness, and a renewal of life in the year to come.
We are in the middle of a global pandemic and people need access to health care now more than ever. Donald Trump should reopen Obamacare enrollment immediately.
This new enemy may be unseen, but we have the tools, the expertise, the will, and the spirit to defeat it. There is nothing the American people can't accomplish if we work together.
We need to help as many working families and small businesses as possible. Workers who have lost their jobs or seen their hours slashed and families who are struggling to pay rent and put food on the table need help immediately. There's no time to waste.
We are months into this crisis and our heroes on the front lines still don't have the protective equipment they need to stay safe. It's unconscionable. Donald Trump needs to fully use the power of the Defense Production Act
Now more than ever, we have to choose hope over fear, unity over division, truth over lies, and science over fiction.
President Trump needs to do everything in his power to expand the number of testing sites and surge the number of tests. Mass testing is key to reopening the economy and finding a way out of this crisis.
The American people are strong, tough, brave, and big-hearted. There's nothing we can't do if we do it together.
No one should be forced out of their home in the middle of a global pandemic. We need to freeze rent for people who lose their jobs and place a ban on evictions immediately.
We need a president who demonstrates the leadership to address every aspect of this pandemic including the spate of racist incidents targeting Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders with urgency and seriousness. Donald Trump is not that president.
The folks on the front lines of this crisis are American
La historia de los EE.UU. es la historia de gente comn que hace cosas extraordinarias. S que unidos, y como una nacin, nosotros somos ms fuertes que este virus. S que superaremos esto y seremos ms fuertes por ello, se lo prometo. No pierdan la
The health inequities being exposed by COVID-19 are unconscionable. We can do better. We have
Whether you supported Bernie or any other candidate throughout the primary, know that there is a home for you in our campaign. You're not just welcome you're needed. And I will do everything I can to earn your vote this November.
Americas story is one of ordinary people doing extraordinary things given half a chance. This virus is tough. But together and as a nation we're tougher. I know well get through this and well be stronger for it, I promise you. Keep the
The stakes in this election have never been higher. We have to come together and beat Donald Trump.
This virus can hit anyone regardless of race, economic status, or access to power but it doesnt impact every community equally. It hits hardest those who are most vulnerable and who have the fewest resources. We have to do better for all our people.
The devastating unemployment numbers have made one thing even clearer: We need a fourth coronavirus relief package, and we need it fast. We need to take extraordinary steps to protect American families and ensure those laid off are made financially whole.
This morning's news of another rise in unemployment claimson top of the millions already filedis devastating. We have to make sure those affected get the benefits they deserve, but we can't stop there. I'm announcing two new policies to help Americans get the relief they
I can't believe I have to say this, but we should be expanding the number of testing sites and surging the number of tests not reducing them. Testing is key to finding a way out of this crisis.
We have to do more to ease the economic burden on working people. So today, I'm adopting two new policies to help deliver relief. As president, I will: - Lower Medicare eligibility to age - Forgive student debt for low-income and middle class families
Let me be clear: No one should have to pay for their coronavirus treatment.
Eleven-year-old Isaac Johnston asked me what else kids should be doing in addition to washing their hands and staying home. My advice was simple: - Stay a safe distance from friends - Sneeze into your elbow - And eat your
A total of about million people have filed for unemployment over the last three weeks. This is unprecedented. The economic devastation that families all across this country are experiencing is not their fault. We've got to take extraordinary steps to protect them.
We're seeing the soul of our nation on full display every day in this crisis and it makes me so proud to be an
If we come together, we will defeat Donald Trump. And when we do that, we will not only do the hard work of rebuilding this nation we will transform it.
This nation has never been defeated when were together. And were not going to be defeated now.
Join our virtual town hall on unemployment and the issues currently facing working families across the nation. Tune in now:
The coronavirus is not Donald Trump's fault, but the slow and chaotic response to it is. He's the commander in chief it's time he steps up, takes responsibility, and does his
The primary is over, but we're just getting started. We're building a campaign to defeat Donald Trump and ensure that America finally lives up to our founding promises but we can't do it without your help. If you're with us, chip in today:
In the wake of COVID-19, working families across the country are facing a whole new set of challenges. This afternoon, I'll be hosting a town hall to listen to folks' concerns and discuss what we should be doing to deliver relief. Tune in at :30 PM ET:
Together we will defeat Donald Trump. But we will also address the climate crisis. We will make college affordable. And we will make health care available to all. We will not just rebuild this nation well transform it. And Im asking you to join me.
And to Bernies supporters: I know that I need to earn your votes. And I know that might take time. But I want you to know that I see you, I hear you, and I understand the urgency of this moment. I hope you'll join us. You're more than welcome: You're needed.
We know how hard this is. You have put the interest of the nation and the need to defeat Donald Trump above all else. And for that were grateful. But we want you to know: well be reaching out. Youll be heard by me. As you say: Not me, Us.
To Bernie and Jane, as friends, from Jill and me: You havent just run a political campaign; youve created a movement. And make no mistake about it, we believe its a movement that is as powerful today as it was yesterday. Thats a good thing for our nation and our future.
I know Bernie well. Hes a good man, a great leader, and one of the most powerful voices for change in our country. And its hard to sum up his contributions to our politics in one, single tweet. So I wont try to.
As Jewish families across America and around the world prepare to observe the first night of Passover, Jill and I want to say chag sameach, and offer our very best wishes, to all who are celebrating.
It is a national disgrace that our health care workers still don't have the protective equipment they need. Donald Trump needs to fully use the power of the Defense Production Act to deliver these life-saving supplies.
Were starting to see evidence that long-term exposure to air pollutionwhich disproportionately affects communities of color & low-income communitiesis linked to COVID-19 death rates. It's past time we treat pollution like the threat to our health it is.
The weeks ahead will be some of the toughest weve ever experienced as a nation. We need to face them with the same spirit and resolve that have guided us through previous crises. Because out of every trial and tribulation, America has always emerged stronger and we will again.
Folks, I know these are tough times, but this crisis has made it clearer than ever how much elections matter and what a difference it makes who is in the White House. If you can, please chip in to fuel our campaign. I would really appreciate it.
Jill and I send our heartfelt condolences to the entire Graves family. As the founder of Black Enterprise, Earl Graves Sr. was a trailblazer in his own right, a leader in the American business community, and paved the way for many Black entrepreneurs to realize their dreams.
On WorldHealthDay, we thank the tireless health care workers fighting COVID-19, and we see clearly why protecting the health of Americans requires U.S. global leadershipto coordinate an international response, strengthen health systems everywhere, and prevent the next pandemic.
Secretary Modly's resignation is appropriate and called for. His disparaging remarks were far beneath the dignity of the office he held. Our sailors, our nation, and Captain Crozier deserve better.
What do Fig Newtons and peanut butter and jelly sandwiches have in common? Listen to this preview of this week's podcast to find out and then check out the full episode at or wherever you get your
Congressman John Lewis is a moral giant who has spent his entire life pushing our nation to live up to our highest ideals. I'm honored to call him a friend and grateful to have him by my side in this battle for the soul of our
We're going to get through this.
For months, I called on President Trump to step up and take the action necessary to combat COVID-19. But week after week, he downplayed the threat it posed, misled the American people, and failed to act. Take a look:
Judy, from itsJudysLife, asked an important question during our Family Town Hall on COVID-19: What extra precautions should expectant mothers be taking at this time? Listen to what former U.S. Surgeon General Dr. Vivek Murthy had to
We need a president who actually listens to the experts and heeds their advice.
Mr. President, I hope we can gather in Milwaukee, but that is going to depend on you stepping up and doing what needs to be done to handle this pandemic. I have laid out how you can do that: . Happy to discuss anytime.
Folks, our second episode of Heres the Deal is live! This week, GovWhitmer joins me for a discussion on COVID-19, President Trumps personal attacks, and the importance of bipartisanship to deliver results. Listen at or wherever you get your podcasts.
It is close to criminal the way theyre dealing with Captain Crozier. He spoke up to protect his sailors he should have a commendation, not be
During our Family Town Hall on COVID-19, I was asked what we can do to prevent this from happening again. Heres where I'd
During these uncertain times, getting the right information out there is so important. Myself and DrBiden had the opportunity to host a conversation about COVID-19 with family vloggers: ItsJudysLife, J House Vlogs and The Curly Coopers. Tune in now:
These health care workers and all those on the front lines of this fight are American heroes.
Every day that Donald Trump refuses to use the full power of the Defense Production Act further threatens American lives.
We all want to protect our families the first step is arming ourselves with the facts. DrBiden and I hosted a town hall on COVID-19 with three family YouTubers: ItsJudysLife, J House Vlogs and The Curly Coopers. Tune in tonight at PM EDT:
We are at war with this virus and the health care workers on the front lines are our soldiers. It is unacceptable that they dont have the lifesaving masks, gowns, and protective gear they need.
Out of every crisis, America has always emerged stronger and we will again. We will not be
Donald Trump needs to reopen Obamacare enrollment immediately. This is no time to put pettiness and ideology above helping those who are in the greatest need. Lives are at stake.
Jill and I had the pleasure of hosting a town hall with family vloggers ItsJudysLife, The Curly Coopers, and JHouse Vlogs where we answered their questions about the COVID-19 outbreak. Tune in to the premiere on Sunday at PM ET:
Donald Trump is not responsible for the coronavirus, but he is responsible for failing to prepare our nation to respond to it.
We owe so much to those working around the clock to keep our country running during this crisis. The least we can do is provide the pay, benefits, and protections they need and deserve.
We need a Supply Commander to step up and take charge and get the doctors, nurses, health care workers, first responders, firefighters, and cops the equipment they need to protect themselves and save lives.
In January, while Donald Trump was downplaying COVID-19, I wrote an op-ed calling for immediate action to combat the growing threat. In it, I also said Trump was the worst possible leader to deal with a public health crisis. I stand by that statement.
Throughout the campaign, Ive talked a lot about the soul of our nation were seeing that soul on full display. Theres so much good happening people reaching out to one another, neighbors helping neighbors, caring for those in need. It makes me so proud to be an American.
My friend, GabbyGiffords, knows what it takes to persevere in the face of uncertainty. Take a few minutes to read these powerful words from her on how we can get through this together.
This is a headline every American should see: Trump administration ended pandemic early-warning program to detect coronaviruses Donald Trumps shortsighted actions left our nation ill-prepared to deal with this outbreak.
Those are the kinds of questions Trump will be responsible for. He doesnt have a great record when it comes to delivering on promises, but I hope this time is different. Being president is about taking responsibility. The blame game wont cut it. Too many lives are at stake.
The CARES Act provides money to help working peoplehow do we make sure it gets to them as quickly as possible? Theres money for major corporationshow do we make sure that there is rigorous oversight to ensure it is used to help workers and not enrich top executives?
Ive done this work before. Its hard, painstaking work. I was in charge of administering the $800 billion Recovery Act so I understand that the devil is in the details. Its about follow-through.
Ive put together a checklist for making the economic relief and recovery effort work for families, workers, and small businesses. I encourage President Trump to adopt any and all of the ideas.
Families across the country are impacted by COVID-19and it can be especially difficult to explain to children. Jill and I spoke with ItsJudysLife, JHouseVlogs and The Curly Coopers to answer their questions about the crisis. Tune in on Sunday at PM ET:
Captain Crozier was faithful to his dutyboth to his sailors and his country. Navy leadership sent a chilling message about speaking truth to power. The poor judgment here belongs to the Trump Admin, not a courageous officer trying to protect his
This is another clear warning sign that more needs to be done to keep as many people on payroll as possible. Fast, bold action to bolster American workers now will save more pain later. Congress must get to work immediately on the next package. We can't afford to waste time.
Now more than ever, we need to choose hope over fear. We will beat COVID-19. We will overcome this. Together.
Wisconsin you have until PM CT tonight to request your mail-in absentee ballot ahead of next weeks primary. Head to to request yours
The evidence is clear: Donald Trump ignored the warnings. He failed to act. And now Americans are paying the price.
Real courage is confronting something that you're afraid to do and doing it anyway. Thats what people across this country are doing every single day in the face of this crisis. They are American
In order for our government to work for all Americans, it's important it be representative of all Americans. With openly LGBTQ individuals only making up .17% of elected officials, we have work to do. This National OutToWin Day, I'm asking: Will you run?
I'm about to roll out my plan to make the economic recovery work. Tune in now:
My heart goes out to the millions of Americans who filed unemployment claims in recent weeks, and the millions more who worry what next week holds for them. Donald Trump needs to take action to ensure Americans receive the economic relief they need as soon as possible.
I know many folks are feeling anxious and worried. I just want you to know that you're not alone. Americans in every corner of the country are feeling the same exact way you are. We may be physically apart, but we are all in this together and we will overcome this. I promise.
Our health care workers on the front lines of this fight still dont have the masks, gowns, and other protective equipment they need. Its unacceptable. Add your name to demand Donald Trump use his full authority to deliver these lifesaving supplies:
The economic damage from this public health crisis is both rising and deepening at an alarming rate. It is putting working families and the American middle class through unimaginable financial pain and they need to be made whole as fast as possible.
It's now April, and: - States still don't have enough tests - Hospitals still don't have enough ventilators - Health care workers still don't have enough masks Donald Trump needs to use all available authorities immediately to solve these shortages.
At a time when Americans might need health care the most, the Trump Administration is preventing people who need insurance from getting it. Their cruelty truly knows no
Amigos, es el Da del Censo! Solo toma unos minutos completar el Censo, pero ayudar a determinar el futuro de su comunidad para la prxima dcada. Visite para que lo cuenten hoy.
This callous decision will cost lives. Period.
Folks, its Census Day! The Census only takes a few minutes to complete but will help determine the future of your community for the next decade. Head to to get counted today.
It is a national disgrace that our health care workers still don't have the protective equipment they need.
Thank you to the governors who are meeting this moment with decisive action, a steady hand, and compassionate leadership. Thank you for stepping up when President Trump has not.
The words of a president
Were in the middle of a global pandemic, and the Trump Administration is preventing people from getting health care. I cant believe this needs to be said, but President Trump needs to reopen Obamacare enrollment, and he needs to do it now. Lives are at stake.
Hoy, al honrar la vida y el legado del activista Csar Chvez, tambin agradecemos a los ms de millones de trabajadores agrcolas que estn en primera lnea, trabajando para mantener a los estadounidenses alimentados y sanos durante esta pandemia.
Today as we honor the life and legacy of civil rights and labor movement activist, Csar Chvez, we also thank the more than million farmworkers who are on the frontlines, working to keep Americans fed and healthy during this pandemic.
Tonight marks our biggest public end-of-quarter deadline of the campaign so far. I know times are tough, but whats at stake in this election has never been clearer. If you could chip in to help us reach our goal, I would really appreciate it:
It's its unacceptable that women still dont get equal pay for equal work. Lets close the gender pay gap and end EqualPayDay once and for
In the midst of a pandemic, the Trump Administration chose to expend effort to attempt to disestablish the Mashpee Wampanoag Tribes reservation. IStandwithMashpee and with all of Indian Country.
Today and every day, DrBiden and I are proud to stand with the trans community. We see you, we support you, and we will continue to do everything we can to ensure you are affirmed and accepted just as you are. TransDayOfVisibility
As president, I would never send an American soldier anywhere in the world without the equipment and protection they need. We should not do any less for the heroes on the front lines of the battle were in
I'm confident that the American people will meet this moment. Theres never been a challenge we've been unable to overcome if we do it together.
We have to place a temporary ban on evictions nationwide. No one should be forced out of their home in the middle of a pandemic.
In order to combat COVID-19, we need both a decisive public health response and a decisive economic response. Ive laid out exactly what I would do if I were president during this crisis, take a look:
Our health care workers are putting their lives on the line every day, and our president is accusing them of stealing lifesaving supplies. It's time for Donald Trump to do his job, so our heroes are able to do theirs. Lives are at
This is unconscionable. Americans are already afraid of the impact the deadly COVID-19 pandemic is having on their lives they don't need the added stress of losing their health insurance. Drop the lawsuit.
I know these are confusing and scary times, so for the first episode of our new podcast I sat down with Ron Klain, former White House Ebola Response Coordinator, to help provide some clarity around COVID-19. Listen at or wherever you get your
The medical professionals on the front lines of this crisis are American heroes risking their lives in order to save others. We owe them more than we could ever repay, but we can start by ensuring they have the protective equipment they need to stay safe. NationalDoctorsDay
President Trump should be using the Defense Production Act to get our first responders and health care providers the masks, gowns, and protective equipment they need. This is a matter of life and death.
The American people are generous, decent, good, and fair. In times of crisis, we come together as one. We look out for our neighbors and lend a hand to those in need. We will get through this, together. I promise.
Not a joke, folks, we just launched our new podcast. Its called 'Here's the Deal.' For our first episode, I sat down with Ron Klain, former White House Ebola Response Coordinator, for a discussion on COVID-19. Listen at or wherever you get your podcasts.
I am issuing this challenge to the President: in the next hours, direct the production and distribution of respirator masks, gloves, protective face shields and gowns to fill every supply request made by a governor to the federal government. Lives are at stake.
We will overcome this together.
As president, I will always choose hope over fear, unity over division, truth over lies, and science over fiction.
It's hard to read this story and not conclude one thing: The Trump Administration failed the American people.
Instacart needs to step up and give their workers the protections and pay they need and deserve. Now.
Dreamers are Americans. We should never endanger or throw into question their ability to contribute to our nation, but to do so in a moment of national crisis is beyond misguided.
The folks working to keep our country running are true heroes and we need to ensure they have the protections, accommodations, and benefits they need and deserve. We couldn't get through this without them.
Donald Trumps ego will cost
Losing a loved one is incredibly difficult, but its even harder when youre not able to be with them in their final moments and thats whats happening around the country because of the coronavirus. Its heartbreaking, and Im keeping everyone affected in my
The Administration promised millions of tests by mid-March. But it's not happening fast enough. Where are the tests, Mr. President?
Mr. President, this isnt about you, its about the health of the American people. Stop making everything personal. You are the president of all states not just the ones that voted for you or that have governors who treat you right. Its time you acted like it.
Let me be clear: No one should have to pay for coronavirus testing or treatment.
Last night, the great Rev. Joseph E. Lowery passed away, leaving an indelible mark on our country's history towards progress. He never once wavered in his spirit and in the resolve to end injustice wherever he saw it. Our thoughts and prayers are with his family.
I just wrapped up tonights CNN town hall, where we discussed COVID-19 and how we move forward. I know times are tough, but the stakes in this election have never been higher. If you could chip in a few dollars I would really appreciate it.
You can't deal with the economic crisis until you deal with the public health crisis. It's a false choice.
In response to the economic impact of COVID-19, we need to provide immediate relief to those who are drowning in student
Join me and the hardworking folks on the frontlines of the COVID-19 outbreak for a virtual round table. Tune in now:
This afternoon, Ill be sitting down for a conversation with nurses, firefighters, and emergency medical technicians on the front lines of the fight against COVID-19. Tune in at :15 ET to join us:
Patients need ventilators. Nurses need equipment. And Donald Trump is attacking people who dare to do something about it. I thank God every day for people like GovWhitmer, who are doing the work he wont.
The coronavirus is not Donald Trump's fault, but his inept response is. He ignored the warnings for months, downplayed the threat it posed, and failed to take the action needed to combat the outbreak. It's one of the greatest failures of presidential leadership in our history.
Its never a matter of if another pandemic will happen, its just a matter of when and its the presidents job to ensure were ready. Donald Trump's careless, shortsighted actions left our nation ill-prepared and now Americans are paying the price.
The relief bill passed by Congress was a good start, but now we need to: - Forgive at least $10,000 of student loan debt per person - Provide emergency paid sick leave to everyone who needs it - Ensure no one has to pay for COVID-19 treatment or an eventual vaccine
The American people are incredible. Across the country, folks are pulling together, helping one another, and doing what needs to be done to stop the spread. I'm so darn proud to be an
President Trump is not responsible for the coronavirus, but he bears full responsibility for the slow and uncoordinated response. The harsh reality is that at least million people now dont have jobs because he didnt do his job when it mattered.
Thank you to the first responders, health care providers, grocery and retail workers, and everyone on the front lines of this fight. Your hard work is what makes America run every single day but especially in times of crisis. We truly couldn't get through this without
The Trump Administration misled the American people.
We've gotta act now to keep the doors open for small businesses on Main Street. It's simple: The government provides the guarantees; the banks have to move the loans out fast. If they won't, we need a financial version of the Defense Production Act to make it happen.
If I were President, here's what I would do right now: - Use all available authorities to turn the tide on this epidemic - Launch a task force to ensure money rapidly gets to people who need it - Bring leaders of Congress together to build the next deal
Live from our homes to yours. Looking forward to tonight, JimmyKimmel.
It's hard to believe this has to be said, but if I'm elected president, I will always lead the way with science. I will listen to the experts and heed their advice. I will do the opposite of what were seeing Donald Trump do every day.
Across the country, ordinary people are stepping up and doing extraordinary things folks like Isaac and Stephanie, who are creating supplies for their local hospitals. Stories like this one make me so proud to be an American. We will overcome this challenge together.
The Senate passed a major economic relief package late last night. It's a very important step, but the key is how it will be executed. If I were President, here's how I'd make it
'If the administration had reacted to the ventilator shortage in February, a private sector effort starting now might have made lifesaving equipment in mid- to late April. Now it is unlikely to be before June.' Donald Trump's inaction will cost lives.
In times of crisis, American presidents have always stepped up to meet the moment. But all we've gotten from Donald Trump are lies, excuses, and scapegoats. Trump has failed our country at a time when we need him
Alright TeamJoe, join us for Happy Hour. Watch our virtual round table on the issues that matter to young folks:
We will not allow this pandemic to rob our young people of the futures and the economic opportunities they have been working to build.
Dr. Fauci should be on TV a lot more than President
Alright, folks. We're doing a happy hour tonight and you're invited. Join us at :30 PM ET at
I'm about to deliver remarks on the impact of the Coronavirus on Young Americans. Tune in to watch live:
The character of the American people is on full display across the country. In the middle of a crisis, folks are stepping up and doing what they can to help out those in need. The Angeleno Campaign, led by my friend Mayor EricGarcetti, is a great example of the work being done.
The American people are rising to meet this moment. We need our president to do the same.
Let me be very clear: No one is expendable. No matter your age, race, gender, religion, ethnicity, sexual orientation, or disability. No life is worth losing to add one more point to the Dow.
President Trump says no one saw this coming, but thats just not true. Our own intelligence officials were warning of the coronavirus threat back in January. Trump ignored them, and now were paying the
As Americans, we may be physically apart, but we are truly all in this together. When we have stood as one, this nation has never been defeated. And we are not going to be defeated
President Trump should stop attacking our nation's governors on Twitter and start delivering them the life-saving supplies they need.
Let me be clear: Donald Trump knew about the threat the coronavirus posed and failed to act. Its one of the most unjustifiable failures of presidential leadership in American
The stakes in this election couldnt be higher. Donald Trump is wholly unfit to lead this nation and that has become even clearer in the last few weeks. We have to vote him out of the White House.
It has been a month since this tweet.
I know we are up to this challenge. The American people are strong, tough, brave, and big-hearted. We can and will overcome this together.
As this public health crisis rages, with the economy in peril, and with front line workers putting their lives at risk Trump and Republican Attorneys-General are attempting to strip health insurance away from millions. No more games. Drop this lawsuit. Save
In January, Donald Trump claimed the coronavirus was totally under control. In February, he said it would disappear. Now, hes saying it couldve been stopped pretty easily if we had known. Donald Trump knew. He failed to act. And now were paying the price.
Across the country, there are incredible stories of folks stepping up to help their neighbors, stories like this one. It's who we are as Americans. Brave and big-hearted. Always willing to lend a hand and care for those in need. We will overcome this, together.
Where are the tests? Where are the masks? Where are the ventilators? The American people deserve answers, Mr.
Obamacare was a big deal and that still holds true a decade later. On its tenth anniversary, we need to double down on our efforts to protect it from Donald Trump's attacks and build on it to ensure every American receives the care they
A $500 billion slush fund for corporations with almost no conditions is unacceptable. We have to ensure the help these companies receive goes to their workers not their CEOs. It's time for President Trump and Mitch McConnell to put American families first.
During a public health crisis, it's unconscionable that Donald Trump and others are continuing a lawsuit designed to strip millions of people of their health insurance. This morning, I called on them to drop the lawsuit and protect Americans' health care.
What is President Trump waiting for? Health care workers don't have enough masks to keep themselves safe. Hospitals are running low on ventilators that sick Americans could literally need to breathe. He needs to act now to deliver these essential supplies. Lives depend on it.
I'm about to deliver remarks on the Coronavirus pandemic. Tune in to watch live:
President Trump and Mitch McConnell are trying to put a corporate bailout ahead of families. It's simply wrong. We need to be focused on helping hardworking Americans, communities, and small businesses not handing big corporations a blank
Its simple: President Trump and Mitch McConnell are trying to put corporate bailouts ahead of families. And its wrong. Hardworking, struggling Americans should come first not the big corporations looking for a blank check.
President Trumps dithering on preparing us for this global pandemic and his lies about his response to this dangerous crisis is one of the most unjustifiable failures of presidential leadership in American history.
In this moment of crisis, we should be sending federal resources to those who need it most. It's not just good economics it's the right thing to do. We have to get this right.
We should also increase monthly Social Security checks by $200/month, as proposed by Senator Wyden and colleagues. Seniors and people with disabilities are uniquely at risk right now.
Additionally, we should forgive a minimum of $10,000/person of federal student loans, as proposed by Senator Warren and colleagues. Young people and other student debt holders bore the brunt of the last crisis. It shouldn't happen again.
On March th, Donald Trump claimed: Anybody that wants a test can get a test. That was a flat-out lie then, and its still not true today. Its a disgrace. We need to ensure everyone who needs a test can get one free of charge. Period.
No bill should pass without immediate, generous relief for workers who are losing jobs and hours, small businesses losing revenue, and communities facing emergency needs.
No bill should pass without conditions on corporations to ensure the help they get goes to their workers, not their CEOs. No blank checks.
It's simple: The White House and senatemajldr have tried to put corporate bailouts ahead of families.
We owe a debt of gratitude to the first responders, health care providers, grocery and retail workers, transportation workers, public safety officials, and everyone working around the clock to keep our country running. Thank you, thank you, thank you for all youre doing.
Mr. President stop lying and start acting. Use the full extent of your authorities, now, to ensure that we are producing all essential goods and delivering them where they need to go.
In times of crisis, a president should calm and heal, lead the way with a steady hand, and provide a beacon of hope for the American people. Donald Trump is incapable of doing
We need action, not more empty words from President Trump. Its time for him to step up and do his job.
Donald Trump has failed the American
Everyone knows that we're facing a real crisis from the coronavirus. But do you know how we got here and what we need to do next? Ron Klain, former White House Ebola Response Coordinator, breaks it down for
The coronavirus test should be made widely available and free. The coronavirus vaccine, when ready, should be made widely available and free. Treatment for coronavirus should be free, too. We're in a crisis. No one should have to pay for their coronavirus health care costs.
From day one, the goal of our campaign has been to unite the country and in times of crisis, that goal is more important than ever. If we come together and all do our part, we will overcome this. I promise.
The president has been behind the curve throughout this whole response. Hes talking about yesterday rather than where we need to be tomorrow. The president needs to stop talking and start rallying government action with the urgency and ambition this moment demands.
Now hes switched to falsely telling us that hes taking action that he has not taken, and promising results that hes not delivering. People are scared. They're frightened. And their president is just exacerbating their concerns.
In times of crisis, the American people deserve a president who tells them the truth and takes responsibility. Donald Trump has not been that president. For months, he falsely told us we had nothing to worry about while praising Chinas response for managing the coronavirus.
If you have a minute, read these stories of folks coming together and helping out their neighbors. They represent who we are as Americans. In times of crisis, we stand as one. We look out for each other. And thats how well get through this together.
The President says no one cares about being tested. Have you or a loved one had trouble getting tested?
Getting money quickly to families is the right goal, but Senate Republicans are proposing to send significantly lower amounts to low-income families than those with higher incomes. Thats terrible economics & terrible values. We should be targeting help to those who need it most.
The lack of coronavirus testing in the U.S. is a national disgrace.
The least we can do for every grocery and retail worker working around the clock during this crisis is to provide a $15 minimum wage, paid sick leave, and strong workplace protections.
Every CEO in America should be focusing on workers, families, and communities not executive compensation and share prices.
I am calling on every CEO in America to publicly commit now to not buying back their company's stock over the course of the next year. As workers face the physical and economic consequences of the coronavirus, our corporate leaders cannot cede responsibility for their employees.
. SenGillibrand has never been afraid to speak without fear, to be brave in the face of injustice, and to empower others to get off the sidelines. I'm thrilled and honored to have her support.
The words of a president matter, and Donald Trump has used his to downplay COVID-19 and mislead the American people. He is unfit to lead us through this crisis.
This administration is truly morally bankrupt.
Every worker on the front lines of the fight against COVID-19 deserves protections and accommodations that keep them and their families safe. I'm glad to see states stepping up to support folks employers must do the same.
My prayers go out to all those on the front lines of this
Doctors and nurses are making their own makeshift face masks today as they risk their lives to care for others. What other finding do you need to see to convince you to use every power you have to expand our supply of essential equipment, Mr. President?
Yesterday, President Trump said he was invoking the Defense Production Act, then turned around and said he wasn't planning to use it. The President should exercise these powers now. We need more ventilators, protective equipment, and critical supplies. We need action, not words.
. TulsiGabbard has put her life on the line in service of this country and continues to serve with honor today. Im grateful to have her support and look forward to working with her to restore honor and decency to the White House.
This is a moment to look out for our neighbors, care for the elderly, and thank the workers on the front lines of this fight. This is a moment to believe in one another. When we do that, when we see the best in each of us, well lift this nation up and get through this together.
The Obama-Biden Administration set up the White House National Security Council Directorate for Global Health Security and Biodefense to prepare for future pandemics like COVID-19. Donald Trump eliminated it and now we're paying the price.
Our campaign is building the broad coalition we need to win in
I give you my word as a Biden: When I'm president, I will lead with science, listen to the experts and heed their advice, and always tell you the truth.
It is a national disgrace that millions of Americans do not have a single day of paid sick leave.
We need comprehensive action to combat the coronavirus outbreak. That's why I'm calling for a decisive public health response to curb its spread and provide treatment to those in need, and a decisive economic response that delivers real relief.
I know the American people have the capacity to meet this moment. Theres nothing weve been unable to accomplish if we do it together.
Stop the xenophobic fear-mongering. Be honest. Take responsibility. Do your job.
Much has been made of changes in President Trump's tone in recent days. But with our health care system at risk, a virus spreading, our economy on the brink and so many lives at stake its time to be less interested in his words and more focused on his actions or inaction.
In times of crisis, Americans stand as one. Volunteers raise their hands to help. Neighbors look out for neighbors. Businesses take care of their workers. That's who we are. We can and will meet this challenge
The next president will have to salvage our reputation, rebuild confidence in our leadership, and mobilize our country and our allies to rapidly meet new challenges like future pandemics. We need a leader who will be ready on day one.
Thank you, Arizona!
Thank you to everyone in Arizona, Florida, and Illinois who supported our campaign. From day one, our goal has been to unify our party and our nation and tonight, we are one step closer to achieving that goal. Lets do this,
I'm about to address tonight's election results from Delaware. Tune in to watch live:
Thank you, Illinois!
Thank you, Florida!
This moment demands that we choose: Hope over fear Unity over division Truth over lies Science over fiction
This crisis requires a decisive economic response. We need to do whatever it takes to deliver relief for our families and ensure the stability of our economy.
Elections are happening today in Arizona, Florida, and Illinois. I encourage folks to vote by mail or curbside vote if you can. If you vote in person, please wash your hands, dont touch your face, and stay from others in line. Learn more:
My mom always said, 'Being Irish is about faith, family, and courage.' Today, we celebrate the strong role Irish-Americans have played in our communities, the strength of the U.S.-Ireland relationship, and the ongoing values shared by our two nations. Happy St. Patrick's Day!
Michigans response has far outpaced the federal governments in this crisis. Gov. Whitmer is leading decisively, while you are live-tweeting her appearances on cable news. We need a president who will do their job and lead this country.
Thank you, Washington!
Coronavirus is bigger than any one of us. Please take care of yourself, wash your hands, and practice social distancing. We will get through this
If I win the nomination, my pick for vice president will be a woman. If I win the presidency and have the opportunity, I will name the first black woman ever to the Supreme Court. A Biden administration will reflect the country we are proud to work
We are in a battle for the soul of this nation. Donald Trump threatens everything we stand for, he has: - Fanned the flames of hate - Embraced white supremacists - Separated families at the border - Threatened our democracy We have to get him out of the White House.
The coronavirus pandemic is bigger than any one individual. This moment requires all of us to come together across the country and around the world to solve this
In the wake of the coronavirus, we need a major bailout package that delivers real relief to the American people not more handouts for giant
Thank you to our health care providers, first responders, grocery and other retail workers, and so many others that are keeping us safe and prepared. This coronavirus pandemic makes it clear that all workers deserve paid sick live, workplace protections and unemployment benefits.
We need a president who will always choose science over fiction.
I know times are tough but were going to get through this. Weve got four big primaries coming up on Tuesday, and our campaign could really use your help. Chip in what you can I really appreciate it:
$90 billion in clean energy funding. A huge reduction in the cost of solar so that we'll never build another coal plant again. I did that. Bernie watched. DemDebate
We're building the campaign that will win this nomination and defeat Donald Trump. If you're with us, please chip in what you can right now to keep the momentum going from tonight's DemDebate:
Watch me.
The coronavirus pandemic is like a war. And in a war, you do whatever is needed to be done to take care of your people.
We need a comprehensive response to the coronavirus outbreak. My plan mounts a decisive public health response to curb the spread of this disease and provide treatment to those in need, and a decisive economic response that delivers real relief.
Xenophobia is a disease. DemDebate
We have to treat climate change like the existential threat it is. As president, I will: - End subsidies for fossil fuel corporations - Ban new drilling on federal lands & waters - Hold oil executives accountable - Rally the world to raise the commitments of the Paris Agreement
No se puede negar la amenaza existencial del cambio climtico, y se est acabando el tiempo para abordarlo. Tenemos que tomar medidas sin precedentes aqu en nuestro pas y unir al mundo para hacer frente a esta crisis. Lea el plan completo:
There is no denying the existential threat of climate change and time is running out to address it. We have to take unprecedented action here at home and rally the world to tackle this crisis head on. Read the full plan:
Bernie Sanders voted against comprehensive immigration reform and then went on TV with Lou Dobbs to brag about it. Immigrants don't take our jobs. They create jobs. And we need a President who believes that to his or her core.
My running mate will be a woman. DemDebate
If Senator BernieSanders is the nominee, I will throw my full weight behind his campaign and do everything I can to get him elected. If I am the nominee, I hope he will do the same. Nothing can keep us from being united in the fight to defeat Trump. DemDebate
Bernie Sanders voted against the Brady background check bill that has kept million firearms out of dangerous hands, not once, not twice, but five times. We need a president who will stand up to the NRA not one who stood with them against lifesaving gun safety measures.
I took on Paul Ryan's cuts to Medicare and Social Security to his face.
People need help now. Not four years from now. Not eight years from now. We need a health care plan that can pass. DemDebate
Senator BernieSanders' attacks on my record on Social Security are a bunch of malarkey and PolitiFact agrees. We should be focused on going after Donald Trump not fellow Democrats. DemDebate
All those people Bernie says he cares about would have been in deep trouble without the bailout in /2009. It was about saving the economy and I agree with Bernie, some bank executives should have gone to jail. DemDebate
People want results, not a revolution. DemDebate
This is bigger than any one of us. This calls for a national rallying to come together. DemDebate
This is a crisis. Were at war with a virus. No one should have to pay for coronavirus health care costs. DemDebate
We need leadership that listens to science. We need leaders who listen to experts and heed their advice. We need American leadership that will rally the world to meet global threats. We need leaders who are honest. That is the responsibility of a
When we have a coronavirus vaccine ready to go, it should be made widely available, free of charge. Period.
This primary has brought out our party's best ideas, and our nation is better for it. If I'm President, I'll continue to bring the best ideas from all corners of the country and fight to make them reality. To see these plans, you can go to my website:
Second: Few people in the country understand how bankruptcy hurts working families more than Elizabeth Warren. Today, I am fully endorsing and adopting her bankruptcy plan, which she called 'Fixing Our Bankruptcy System to Give People a Second Chance.'
First: Bernie has put forward a plan that would make public colleges and universities free for families whose income is below $125,000. It's a good idea, and after consideration, I am proud to add it to my platform.
Across the country, middle and working class families are being squeezed by debt. This is a massive problem, and one that we need all of the best ideas to solve. That's why today, I'm adopting two plans from BernieSanders and ewarren to achieve this.
No President can promise to prevent future outbreaks. But I can promise you that when I'm President, we will prepare better, respond better, and recover better.
I'm incredibly grateful for SpeakerPelosi's leadership every day but especially in times of crisis. senatemajldr McConnell should bring back the Senate immediately and pass this important bill to provide relief for American families.
If you're exhibiting symptoms of COVID-19 or might be at risk absentee or vote by mail options are the best way to make your voice heard, while protecting your neighbors.
The right to vote is the most sacred American right there is. State election officials are working closely with public health officials to hold safe elections. If you are feeling healthy, not showing symptoms, and not at risk of being exposed to COVID-19: please vote on Tuesday.
The coronavirus will not discriminate based on national origin, race, gender, or zip code. It will touch people in positions of power and the most vulnerable in our society. We need to take action to combat it.
The American people have the capacity to meet this moment. We will come together, look out for one another, and harness the ingenuity of our scientists. We can and will meet this challengetogether.
This crisis requires a national response. Not just from our elected leaders, or public health officialsbut from all of us. We must follow the guidance of the CDCgov and health officials and take appropriate precautions to protect ourselves and, critically, to protect others.
I know many are anxious about the spread of the coronavirus and the threat it poses. And my thoughts are with all those affected, our first responders and health care providers who are putting themselves on the line for others, and everyone making sacrifices to stop the spread.
The White House is no place for on-the-job training Donald Trump's handling of the coronavirus has made that even more clear. We need a president who is ready to clean up his mess, take responsibility, and lead us forward on day one.
Were building a campaign powered by the backbone and the base of the Democratic party. A campaign that will defeat Donald Trump and restore the soul of this nation. Join us:
I believe this nation can overcome four years of Donald Trump. But if hes given eight years in the White House, he will forever and fundamentally alter the character of this nation. We cant let that happen. We have to defeat Donald Trump.
At a moment when there is so much fear around the world, we need honest, steady, trusted American leadership. If Im elected president, I promise you I'll strive to give the nation that very leadership every
A wall will not stop the coronavirus. Banning all travel from Europe or any other part of the world will not stop it. This disease could impact every nation and any person on the planet and we need a plan to combat it.
. CoryBooker is right this is our moment in history. We need your help to beat Donald Trump and set our nation on a new path. If youre with us, chip in today:
No president can promise to prevent future outbreaks, but I can promise you this: When I'm president, we will be better prepared, respond better, and recover better. We'll lead with science and listen to the experts. And I will always, always tell you the truth.
We need to ensure that every person who needs a coronavirus test can get one and that the test is free. Period.
Today, I'm releasing my plan to combat the coronavirus. We need: - A decisive public health response to curb the spread of this disease and provide treatment to those in need - A decisive economic response that delivers real relief
I'm about to address the nation on how we should confront the corona virus pandemic. Tune in to watch live:
To all those who have been knocked down, counted out, or left behind this is your campaign. We need you and we want you in this fight. Join us:
At this moment when there is so much fear in the country and all across the world we need American leadership. We need presidential leadership. Today at :00 PM EST, Ill be addressing the nation on how we should be moving forward to confront the CoronavirusPandemic.
Together, we're creating a movement that will defeat Donald Trump and restore the soul of this
Donald Trump's 'Remain in Mexico' policy is dangerous, inhumane, and goes against everything we stand for as a nation of immigrants. My administration will end it.
After last night, we are one step closer to restoring decency, dignity, and honor to the White House.
I wish Donald Trump would just be quiet and let the experts do the talking when it comes to the
. AndrewYang is one of the brightest minds there is when it comes to the challenges we face in the Fourth Industrial Revolution. I'm honored to have his endorsement and look forward to working with him to ensure every worker can succeed in the changing st-century economy.
Today is a historic day for the MeToo movement & for survivors of sexual violence. The bravery of those who stopped Weinstein cannot be overstated, & the burden of speaking out cannot be on survivors alone. We have to change our culture & our system to end sexual assault.
If you're a member of the KHive, know that there is a home for you in our campaign. I would be honored to have your
Once we get Donald Trump out of the White House, we have an enormous opportunity to build the future this nation deserves. A future where every American has access to affordable health care, where we end our gun violence epidemic, and where we tackle the climate crisis head-on.
Donald Trump is incapable of effectively handling the coronavirus
It's been a great night thank you for all of your support! Were bringing this party together and it's going to take all of us to keep it going. Chip in now to take us across the finish line and defeat Donald Trump:
Tonight made one thing clear: We're building the campaign that will win this nomination and defeat Donald Trump. If you're with us, chip in today to keep our momentum going strong:
Thank you to all of our incredible supporters and volunteers across the country tonight's victories wouldn't be possible without your support. Together, we'll win this nomination, beat Donald Trump, and take back this country!
I'm about to take the stage from Philadelphia. Tune in to watch live:
Thank you, Michigan!
Thank you, Missouri!
Thank you, Mississippi!
Unite. Vote.
If you live in: - Idaho - Michigan - Mississippi - Missouri - North Dakota - Washington You vote today! Head to to find all the info you need to make your voice
We need a president who will stand up to the NRA not stand with them against gun safety
I give you my word as a Biden: If I am elected president, I will do everything in my power to protect our children from gun
Todays the day! If you live in ID, MI, MS, MO, ND, or WA head to to confirm your polling location and make sure to get out and
A wall wont stop a virus. Racism wont stop a virus. Do your job.
Nothing can top this
I put my faith in Michigan in the depths of the Great Recession and if you believe, as I do, that our greatest days still lie ahead, I hope that youll put your faith in Team Joe tomorrow.
Jill and I wish a Happy Holi to those celebrating the arrival of spring and the Festival of Colors! May the rest of your year be filled with a rainbow of colors and optimism. Holi2020
In moments of crisis, presidential leadership is even more important. But time and time again, Donald Trump has proven just how incapable he is of rising to the occasion. He is dangerously unfit to lead our country through a global health challenge.
Now is not the time to divide the party and tear down fellow Democrats. Now is the time to come together to defeat Donald
Our diversity is, and has always been, our greatest strength as a nation. Donald Trump doesn't get that we need a president who does.
Senator CoryBooker is joining me on the campaign trail in Flint, Michigan. Tune in to watch live:
We're building the campaign that will defeat Donald Trump and his team is worried. Chip in to help us make Trump a one-term president:
Cory Your leadership has given hope to so many and has inspired our nation to rise to meet the challenges of today. I'm incredibly grateful for your endorsement and I look forward to working alongside you to unite the country and defeat Donald Trump.
On the anniversary of the passage of HR1, we must recommit ourselves to eliminating all private dollars from our federal elections and restoring the Voting Rights Act. Our government should work ForThePeople not just the powerful.
. JohnDelaney is a man of great character, and I'm honored to have his endorsement. Together, we'll beat Donald Trump and restore the soul of this nation.
We are in a battle for the soul of our nation and Donald Trump is poison to our soul. We have to get him out of the White House.
In Mississippi and around the nation the daily scourge of gun violence is tearing our communities apart. Enough is enough. We cant go on like this. We have to take on the NRA and end our gun violence epidemic.
If we are to realize the dream of gender equality, we can't be disheartened or disengaged. Instead we must recommit to fighting for progress, for our own sake and for the sake of all peoples. We can and will do this. Join us:
I'm about to take the stage from Mississippi. Tune in to watch live:
On this InternationalWomensDay, its a hard truth that, in , we have not yet reached gender equality in our society. I promise that, as president, I will use every tool available to me and take every opportunity to change that.
If we give Donald Trump four more years in the White House, our planet may never recover.
Kamala Youve spent your whole career fighting for folks whove been written off and left behind and no small part of that alongside Beau. From our family: thank you.

Rosie the Riveter' represents the American women who worked in factories during World War II. Their resilience and hard work helped us win the war. Agnes was one of them. I called her on her th birthday, and I could not be more proud to have her
I'm about to take the stage from Missouri. Tune in to watch live:
If you re-elect Donald Trump, he's going to cut Medicare and Social Security. I'm going to protect and expand these
I support AB5 in California, which will give workers the dignity they deserve in the workplace. I agree with transportworker that we can't let corporations undermine basic rights by adding these exemptions to ground-breaking legislation.
We're going to rebuild the great American middle class. And this time, we're going to bring everyone along regardless of race, gender, religion, ethnicity, sexual orientation, or disability.
I'm about to take the stage from Missouri. Tune in to watch live:
To everyone who has been knocked down, counted out, or left behind this is your campaign. Together, we will beat Donald Trump and set our nation on a new
I cant tell you how much I appreciate PeteButtigiegs endorsement. If you supported Pete, know that there is a home for you in our campaign. Join us in the fight to restore the soul of our nation:
We are so much better than who Donald Trump thinks we are. This is the United States of America. We treat each other with dignity, we leave nobody behind, and we give hate no safe harbor.
Climate change is the existential crisis of our time. On day one, I'll rejoin the Paris Agreement and then rally the world to push our progress further.
I don't care who you're supporting, attacks like this against a man who could be the first Jewish President are disgusting and beyond the pale. Hatred and bigotry have no place in America and it's up to all of us to root out these evils wherever they're found.
Its time we restore the great American middle class and this time, make sure everyone has a chance to come along. That starts with making a $15 minimum wage the law of the land.
This is a big moment for our campaign and we could use your help to keep our momentum going. Chip in $5 to help us build the campaign that will defeat Donald Trump:
They dont call it Super Tuesday for nothing!
Finally: a way to use Twitter without character limits. Check out what I had to say when TwitterGov asked me about life on the campaign trail, what inspires me, and
We need a president who will choose unity over division.
Donald Trump is the most corrupt president in modern American history and the American people deserve to know what he is hiding in his tax
Get real, Bernie. The only person who's going to cut Social Security if he's elected is Donald Trump. Maybe you should spend your time attacking him.
For all the hard-won progress we've made in the fight for LGBTQ+ equality, we're not done not nearly. That's why I just released my plan to advance LGBTQ+ equality in America and around the world:
Here's the deal, folks: social security is on the ballot this year, and the choice couldn't be clearer: I'll protect and expand it. Donald Trump will cut it and take it away.
Im confident that with the help of PeteButtigieg and his supporters, we will unite this country, we will beat Donald Trump, and we will restore honor and decency to the White
Not a joke, folks. We added a bunch of new items to our campaign store that I think you'll like. Head to to stock up
We should not tear down Obamacare. Period. We need to protect and build on it with a new public option to ensure every American has access to the care they need.
And to Bailey: Champ and Major would love to have you over any time.
Senator EWarren is the fiercest of fighters for middle class families. Her work in Washington, in Massachusetts, and on the campaign trail has made a real difference in people's lives. We needed her voice in this race, and we need her continued work in the Senate.
I'm blown away by the grassroots energy we've seen from Pete, Amy, and Beto supporters. Tuesday wouldn't have happened without all of you. It's going to take all of us to beat Donald Trump and I'd love to have you on our team:
We are building the coalition that will defeat Donald Trump.
To everyone who has placed your faith in our campaign thus far, thank you. Your support means the world to me and I hope I make you proud. I will do everything I can to bring this country together and restore the soul of our
I'm grateful that over elected officials and leaders from across the country have endorsed our campaign in the last few days. Now, I'm hoping to get your endorsement. If you're with me, let me know by adding your name today:
America was built on the simple idea that we're all created equalbut we've never lived up to it. We've had to fight for it. And we've got to recognize the women who have kept the fires of justice and equality blazing, lighting the way forward for us all. WomensHistoryMonth
Most Americans don't want the false promise of a revolution they want
We need judges who will respect Roe v. Wade as the law, and we need a Congress that will protect reproductive rights. If I'm president, that leadership will start at the top.
There is an assault on abortion access, and today it has reached the Supreme Court. It's time for our leaders to stand up for women's rights.
Thank you, Maine!
I have said it many times in this campaign. This nation will be able to overcome four years of Donald Trump. But if this man is reelected, we wont recognize this country in a few years. We have to get Trump out of the White House.
. MikeBloomberg, I cant thank you enough for your supportand for your tireless work on everything from gun safety reform to climate change. This race is bigger than candidates and bigger than politics. Its about defeating Donald Trump, and with your help, were gonna do it.
I'm Joe Biden and I'm running a campaign that chooses: Hope over fear. Unity over division. Truth over lies. And to supporters of Pete, Amy, and Beto: last night was your win too and Im here to earn your vote. So join us:
Thank you, Texas!
Call it a W. Thank you,
Team, because of you we had an incredible Super Tuesday. Now, it's time to focus on beating Donald Trump. We can get him out of the White House with your help. Please chip in a few dollars to help us win this thing:
I want to thank our incredible supporters and volunteers across the country. Your faith in our campaign especially when the pundits and the media counted us out means the world to me. Lets go win this,
Lets unite. Lets beat Donald Trump. And lets take back this country!
You lost tonight, realDonaldTrump. Democrats around the country are fired up. We are decent, brave, and resilient people. We are better than you. Come November, we are going to beat you.
Thank you, Massachusetts!
Thanks,
The press and the pundits declared us dead but tonight has made clear that we are very much alive. We're building the campaign that can unite the party and beat Donald Trump but we need your help to do it. Chip in to keep this momentum going:
I'm about to take the stage from California. Tune in to watch live:
Thank you, Minnesota!
Thank you, Arkansas!

Thank you, Oklahoma!
Thank you, Tennessee!
Thank you, Alabama!
Thank you, North Carolina!
Thank you, Virginia!
We are better than this moment and so much better than this president. It's time we get up and take back our
Senator AmyKlobuchar said it best, 'It is time to turn back the division and the hate and the exclusion and the bitterness and it is time to work together.' If you're in Minnesota or any Super Tuesday state go vote today!
Whether you live in Maine or California or any Super Tuesday state in between Im asking for your vote today. Together, we can beat Donald Trump and set our nation on a new path. Head to to confirm your polling location and get out and vote!
If you want a Democratic nominee who can: - Beat Donald Trump - Keep Nancy Pelosi as Speaker and hold the House - Take the US Senate and state legislatures Then this is your campaign.
This is a critical, critical moment. But don't just take it from me. Momentum is growing, chip in $5, $10 now to keep us going:
Recorded this last night but couldn't have said it any better myself, BetoORourke. If you live in any state that's voting on Super Tuesday today is your day. Let's go win this thing, folks! Head over to to find your polling location
Jill and I send our thoughts and prayers for the safety of Tennesseans affected by the tornado. Stay safe out there and if you're voting today, be sure to follow tndp for updates.
We can't sit by and lose this country to Donald Trump. Today, we take it back together. Go vote:
Todays the day! If youre in a Super Tuesday state, head to to confirm your polling location and make sure to get out and
The last few days have made one thing very clear: We are building the campaign that will beat Donald Trump.
Whether you supported Pete, Amy, Beto, or any other candidate in this race know that there is a home for you in our campaign. I will do everything I can to earn your vote.
Seeing what this whole Whataburger thing is about with BetoORourke !
Pete and Amy and Beto backed our campaign now we need you. This is our moment to come together as a party to beat Donald Trump. If you're with us, chip in today to keep our momentum going:
. BetoORourke mobilized a state, inspired a nation, and in the wake of the shooting in El Paso showed us all what compassionate leadership looks like. He will be changing this nation for years to come. I'm so grateful he's on our
I can't tell you how much Senator AmyKlobuchar's endorsement means to me. From the moment she announced, it wasnt hard to see she had the grit and determination to do anything she sets her mind to. That's why I'm confident that we'll beat Donald Trump,
Honored to have BetoORourke join us on the stage tonight in Dallas. Tune in now to hear what he has to say:
Im about to take the stage with Senator AmyKlobuchar in Dallas, Texas, ahead of Super Tuesday. Tune in to watch live:
Grateful beyond words to have PeteButtigiegs endorsement. A guy of enormous integrity. Someone who has as much moral courage as he has physical courage. Welcome to the team, Mayor
This fall, Donald Trump will be trying to get the Supreme Court to strike down Obamacare ripping insurance away from million people. Ill be fighting to end his administration, and to secure for every American the peace of mind that comes from having affordable health care.
Proud to have Pete on the trail with me today. Our number one priority is to beat Donald Trump and bring unity back to our party. Together we're gonna make it happen. Welcome to the team, PeteButtigieg! Watch live:
Bernie Sanders has gone after nearly every corporation in the world except the gun manufacturers. It's unacceptable. We need a president with the courage to take them on and ensure they can be held accountable for the carnage they have
We are in a battle for the soul of this nation and it's a battle we can't lose. So let's get back up, let's fight back, and let's
Something is happening in
Americans can't wait for the false promise of a revolution. We need real change right
If you want a Democratic nominee who will: - Build on Obamacare not scrap it - Take on the NRA and gun manufacturers not protect them - Stand up for the middle class not raise their taxes and make promises that cant be kept Then this is your campaign.
I'm incredibly honored to have the support of latinovictoryus. Latinos are the future. They must have a voice and as president, I will do all in my power to amplify that
Selma, thank you for welcoming me back into your community this morning. As we commemorate the anniversary of Bloody Sunday, we also recognize that the struggle for Black Americans to participate in democracy is not over. We have to fight for a more just, equal
The press and the pundits declared our campaign dead. But after last night's big victory, it's clear we are very much
Yesterday we had our best day of online fundraising on this campaign, raising $5M from tens of thousands of new supporters. Today, we've already surpassed that total. And we're just getting started. Join us:
. PeteButtigieg ran a historic, trail-blazing campaign based on courage, compassion, and honesty. We will be a better country for his continued service. This is just the beginning of his time on the national stage.
Together, we will beat Donald Trump.
With your help, we won big in South Carolina. Now, we're shifting our focus to winning big on Super Tuesday. I know we can do it, but we need your help to make it happen. If you can, please chip in to keep our momentum going:
South Carolina was just the launching pad. Our campaign is taking off, and we need your help. Head to to get involved in your
Only Donald Trump could make the coronavirus about him. This president is dangerous.
Ive never been more optimistic about Americas future than I am today. If we come together and unite this country, theres not a single thing we cant accomplish.
When the press, pundits, and our opponents wrote us off, TeamJoe delivered big. This was the launching pad. Now lets win this
Yesterday this campaign raised $5M online, including from tens of thousands of new supporters. You did that. Together, we will do this. We'll get the nomination, defeat Donald Trump and win the battle for the soul of this nation. Chip in to keep us going:
South Carolina, I can't thank you enough. Tonight's big victory has launched us forward, and we need your help to keep the momentum going. Please chip in a few dollars if you can it'll make a big difference:
From climate change to racial justice TomSteyer has dedicated his life to making progress on some of the most pressing issues of our time. His presence will continue to be felt in the race, and I look forward to working alongside him to get Donald Trump out of the White House.
The press counted us out. The pundits declared our campaign dead. But we proved them
I'm about to take the stage from South Carolina. Tune in to watch live:
Just days ago, the press and the pundits declared our campaign dead. But after tonight, it's clear we are very much alive and we need your help to keep the momentum going. Chip in to help us make the most of our big victory in South Carolina:
Thank you, South Carolina! To all those who have been knocked down, counted out, and left behind this is your campaign. Together, we will win this nomination and beat Donald Trump.
We are at an inflection point. We can choose four more years of Donald Trump's poisonous rhetoric and divisive politics or we can take the next great step forward as a nation. It wont be easy. But we can do it,
Ive dedicated my entire life to serving this country and Im not finished
To win the battle for the soul of this nation, we need everyone to step up and make their voice heard. If you live in South Carolina, confirm your polling place by heading to , grab your photo ID, and get out and vote
Todays the day its primary day in South Carolina! Head to to make calls from wherever you are in the country to help get folks to the polls.
Im honored to have Congressman Clyburns vote now, Im asking for yours. Get out and vote, South Carolina:
Today, South Carolina has the chance to set our nation on a new path. Lets go.
Todays the day, South Carolina! Confirm your polling location at , grab your photo ID, and make sure to get out and vote before PM
For too many people across the country, normal has become a living nightmare. We cant go on like this any longer. We have to end our gun violence
We are in a battle for the soul of this nation. Donald Trumps poisonous rhetoric has emboldened the worst among us to crawl out from under their rocks and spread their hate openly. We have to get Trump out of the White House and give hate no safe harbor.
Folks, a win in South Carolina would help us build momentum at just the right time. We're feeling good about our chances, but we need your help to pull it off. Please chip in what you can every dollar makes a big difference:
Monica's story is the story of far too many in our country and a solemn reminder of the cost of our inaction. No parent should lose their child to an act of gun violence. We have to end this
Wrong Veep
America was founded on the promise of equality, liberty, and justice for all. Weve never fully lived up to that promise but weve never stopped trying. We cant rest until we reach our highest ideals and justice truly rings out for all.
Tomorrow is the South Carolina primary, and we need your help to bring us across the finish line. If you have a few extra minutes, head to to talk with folks before they head to the polls.
My dad always said, Champ, when you get knocked down, you get back up. Ive been knocked down a lot in my life, like so many Americans have, but always get back up. Thats the resiliency of the American people. Given half a fighting chance, theres nothing we cant
Senator Kaine is an incredible public servant. Virginians are lucky to have him representing them in the Senate and I'm honored to have his
We are in a battle for the soul of this nation and Donald Trump is poison to our soul. We have to get him out of the White
Im running for president to offer our country a different path not back to a past that never was but to a future that fulfills our true promise as a nation.
Barack Obama was one hell of a
'Thanks to a man of great position and character taking an interest in him, he knows that his stutter does not define him, nor his plans for a bright future.' You raised an incredible young man, Elisa. I'm honored to have been a part of his journey.
Donald Trump is determined to sabotage Obamacare and roll back the progress weve made. We cant let him get away with it. We have to protect and build on the law to ensure every American has access to the health care they
I have a message for the NRA and gun manufacturers: If I am elected president, I am going to take you on and I will defeat
With nearly million Dominicans and their families in the U.S., we have so much to celebrate on Dominican Republic Independence Day! The everyday contributions of Dominican Americans to our country has enriched our lives and made us stronger.
One year later, senatemajldr is still stonewalling the bipartisan universal background check bill. Its unbelievable. Its time for Mitch McConnell to stand up to the NRA, do his job, and bring the bill up for a vote. Lives depend on it.
Folks, thanks to you we raised $1.2M from nearly donors yesterday. And I was even happier to hear that /3rd of those donors were new. I can't begin to tell you what your support means. South Carolina is just a few days away, let's keep it going:
Senator Sanders still hasnt been honest about how much Medicare for All will cost and who will pay for it. The American people deserve the
A $15 an hour minimum wage is long overdue, but its just the start. We have to make sure every single worker receives the pay and dignity they deserve.
I dont take the support of the African-American community for granted. Ive worked like the devil to earn it and will continue to work for every last
Folks, we are currently $45,000 short of raising $1 million online today. We don't have a lot of time, but if we all pitch in, we can do it. Can I count on your help? Pitch in before midnight:
My faith is important to me because it gives me some reason to have hope and purpose. It took a long time for me to realize, but that purpose is the thing that has saved
If I were president today, I would not be taking China's word when it comes to the coronavirus. American scientists and health experts should be allowed in the country to determine how the virus started and to help contain its
We just wrapped up a great CNN town hall and could use your help to keep the momentum going. With just three days left until the South Carolina primary, every dollar makes a big difference. Chip in today:
I taught constitutional law for a long time and here's the deal: No amendment is absolute. There are limits. Common-sense reforms like background checks and a ban on assault weapons are not a violation of the Second Amendment. Period.
Im heartbroken at the news of yet another mass shooting in America and Im keeping the victims and their loved ones in my prayers. We cant go on like this any longer as a nation. Its time we come together and pass common-sense reforms to end this epidemic.
I'm glad this bill overdue now for more than a century has passed. Congress' failure to act on lynching will forever be a stain on the institution, but living up to the founding principles of our nation means fully coming to terms with the sins of our past.
In , I took on the NRA to pass a -year ban on assault weapons and high-capacity magazines. The ban saved lives and Republicans should have never let it expire. As president, Ill ban them once again. We will get these weapons of war out of our
Im a union guy and always have been. I stand with UFCW and as president, Ill invest in American workers. We need to protect good American jobs and make sure our economy works for all Americans.
The evidence is clear: we cant wait to take action on climate change. We have to get Donald Trump out of the White House and tackle this crisis head-on. The survival of our planet depends on it.
We need policies that allow Black Americans to create wealth. And we need policies that will let them pass it down from generation to
We need to put a black woman on the Supreme Court.
I know that with folks like Bernice and the Reckoning Crew, we will win the battle for the soul of our nation. I'm so grateful to have them on our team. Join them and get involved in your community:
Jim Clyburn is a voice of powerful moral clarity that is heard loud and clear across this country in our capital and beyond. He reminds us why were in public service in the first place and Im proud to have his
Team, we had a great debate tonight in South Carolina. I could use your help to keep this momentum going as we head toward the primary this Saturday. With just a few days left - chip in what you can, every dollar makes a difference:
Being a progressive means actually making progress. Im the only one in this race who has beaten the NRA nationally and passed real gun safety reform and Ill do it again as president.
When everyone around you is shouting about health care reform but you're the only one who has gotten anything big
Pitch in if you agree:
Lets be clear: Russia is engaging in interference in this election right now, as we speak. DemDebate
We gotta make it clear: China must play by the rules. DemDebate
My first effort as a county council member was doing away with redlining and I didnt stop there. I've fought against housing discrimination my entire career. DemDebate
Gun manufacturers if Im elected Im coming for you. DemDebate
Tom Steyer invested $90 million in the nation's largest private prison company a company that allegedly hog-tied and beat kids in South Carolina. It's despicable. President Obama and I worked to phase out private prisons I will fight to get rid of them as
Ive worked like the devil to earn the vote of the African American community. I dont expect anything. I plan to earn the Black vote. And Im here to ask for it. DemDebate
Five. Thats how many times Senator Sanders voted AGAINST the Brady background check bill that has kept million firearms out of dangerous hands. We need a president who will stand up to the NRA not one who stands with them against lifesaving gun safety measures. DemDebate
Ban assault weapons. Enact universal background checks. Hold gun manufacturers accountable. End our gun violence epidemic.
In , I voted to allow Americans to hold gun manufacturers accountable for the death and terror they've caused in our country. Bernie Sanders voted to let them off the
This moment requires strong American leadership and disciplined diplomacy to lead a global response grounded in science Donald Trump is incapable of that. He is the worst possible person to lead our country through a global health emergency.
With Donald Trump out of the way, theres no limit to what America can achieve.
The right to vote is the most fundamental American right there is. We should be making voting easier not harder.
This election is about more than just beating Donald Trump. Its about: - Replacing Betsy DeVos with an actual educator - Having an Attorney General who defends the Constitution, not the president - Ensuring our EPA Administrator believes climate change is an existential threat
Meeting Tina brightened my day and she made a pretty good point at the
Our comeback started in Nevada. Now, we need your help to carry this momentum to South Carolina, Super Tuesday, and beyond. Sign up to get involved in your community:
Americas story is full of barrier breakers who refused to accept the status quo Katherine Johnson is among the finest. No hindrance not racism, sexism, or even the force of gravity was too tall a task for her. DrBiden and I are keeping her loved ones in our hearts.
Vanessa, I'm keeping you in my prayers today. Grief is a heavy burden to bear especially with the eyes of the world watching. But there will come a day, I promise you, when the memory of Kobe and Gianna will bring a smile to your lips before it brings a tear to your eye.
I think Barack Obama was one hell of a President. I was proud to stand alongside him every step of the way and fought like hell to make sure he was re-elected. Bernie Sanders can't say the
I promise you that if I am elected president, we will hold gun manufacturers accountable for the carnage they have
Housing should be a right not a privilege. But far too many Americans lack access to affordable, quality, and safe housing. Today, I'm releasing my $640 billion plan to change that:
Donald Trump is the most corrupt president weve ever had and the American people deserve to know what hes hiding in his tax returns.
Were not just trying to beat Donald Trump. Weve got to take back the Senate, keep the House of Representatives, and unite our
Over million Americans with pre-existing conditions live in fear that their health care will be taken away from them. I promise you I will not let that happen we will protect and build on
We need a president who will always choose compassion over cruelty.
Americans arent looking for a handout. Theyre just looking for a fair shot to get ahead. But too many people today arent getting that chance. We have to rebuild the middle class and this time, bring everyone
There is nothing that the United States of America cant do if we do it together.
Thank you, Nevada! We're headed to South Carolina but have one more request: if you can chip in a few dollars to keep our momentum going we would greatly appreciate it. Every donation makes a big difference:
Despite what the press said this week, were alive, were coming back, and were gonna win!
I aint a socialist. I aint a plutocrat. Im a Democrat and I'm proud of
Nevada, yall did it for me! Thank you to all of our incredible supporters, volunteers, and organizers around the state. We couldnt have done this without you. Next stop: South Carolina!
While not every vote in Nevada has been counted yet, one thing is clear: our comeback starts here. Now, were headed to South Carolina where were all-in to win. Chip in to help fuel our victory:
I'm about to take the stage from Nevada. Tune in to watch live:
Thank you to all of our incredible volunteers in Nevada for all your hard work your faith in our campaign means the world to me. Were taking this campaign across the country and need your help. Head to to get involved
Do you believe in life after Trump?
Its Caucus Day, Nevada! Its time for the West to make its voice heard. Head to to confirm your caucus location and make a plan to be there by :00 AM PT. Lets win this!
For too many people across the country, the daily scourge of gun violence has turned normal into a living nightmare. It has to end. Ive taken on the NRA and won twice. And Ill do it again as president to end our gun violence
Todays the day, Nevada! Confirm your caucus location at and make a plan to arrive by :00 AM
The Comprehensive Immigration Reform Act of was our best shot at fixing our broken immigration system. It had bipartisan support and would have put millions of immigrants on the pathway to citizenship. Bernie Sanders voted against
Donald Trump and Stephen Miller have raised the standard of cruelty with their inhumane immigration policies. We have to get them out of the White House and ensure our laws reflect our values as a nation of immigrants.
Tomorrow is Caucus Day in Nevada, and we need your help to bring us across the finish line. I know weve asked a lot lately, but if you have a few extra minutes, please head to to talk with caucusgoers about whats at stake. I'd greatly appreciate
Vladimir Putin doesnt want me to be President. He doesnt want me to be our nominee. If youre wondering why its because Im the only person in this field whos ever gone toe-to-toe with him.
On day one, I will send a bill to Congress providing a roadmap to citizenship for million undocumented immigrants and take action to protect
Family separation will end on my watch I promise
A giant among men, a civil rights hero, and a man I'm honored to call a friend Happy Birthday, Congressman Lewis! Every day your courage inspires me like it's inspired our entire
Experience matters. Im the only one in this race who has gotten anything big done when it comes to health care. As president, Ill build on Obamacare to ensure every American receives the quality, affordable care they
Grateful to have the support of latinovictoryus! We can't beat Trump without a broad and diverse coalition that includes and elevates the Latino community. Together, we can win the battle for the soul of our nation.
America's teachers and school personnel have been forced to make ends meet with too little pay and too few resources to educate our kids. That'll change in my administration. Thank you AFTunion and rweingarten!
We all have a responsibility to declare with conviction that hatred and bigotry and white supremacy have no place in America. We must give hate no safe harbor.
Donald Trump is the most corrupt president in modern American history. We need to get him out of the White House and restore honor and dignity to the
Americans not Vladimir Putin should decide our
We had a great night at tonight's CNN town hall and with just two days until the Nevada caucuses, we need your help to keep our momentum going. Every dollar goes a long way during this critical stretch. Chip in today:
Ive sat there and looked in the eyes of parents who lost their kids to gun violence. They want to be able to sue these gun manufacturers. We should let
Alex, a law enforcement officer and former Marine from Reno, supports common-sense gun safety reform just like the majority of America. Heres why hes supporting our
I'm about to take the stage for tonight's town hall in Las Vegas, Nevada. Tune in to CNN at PM ET to watch live.
Let me be clear: Mayor Bloomberg should release folks from their non-disclosure agreements. This is about transparency. The American people deserve to know the
The campaign trail is ruff without these two by my side.
We have to take on the NRA and pass real reform to end our gun violence epidemic. That starts with universal background checks, a ban on assault weapons, and holding gun manufacturers accountable. I've beaten the gun lobby twice and I'll do it again as president.
We fall into the same pattern every time: a senseless act of violence occurs, politicians offer thoughts and prayers, and calls for reform fade away until the next tragedy inevitably occurs. Im sick and tired of saying enough is enough. We cant go on like this any longer.
Last nights debate took place blocks away from the site of the deadliest mass shooting in American history where a lone gunman took precious lives and injured hundreds of others. Yet there were zero questions about how we end our gun violence epidemic. It was unacceptable.
Its simple: If you like your private health insurance plan, you should be able to keep it. If you dont like it, you should be able to choose a new public option. Thats the choice my administration will give every American and well do it without raising middle class
Trump thinks the media is the enemy of the people. He's dead wrong. Americas commitment to free press, free speech, and free expression should never waver, and certainly not in the face of Chinese authoritarianism. We've got to stand up for these freedoms at home and abroad.
We are in a climate emergency and every day that Donald Trump remains in the White House further threatens the future of our planet.
It's time to hold gun manufacturers
Action cant wait when it comes to gun safety reform, health care, and immigration. We need a leader with the proven ability to unite the country and get big things
Im feeling good about whats to come for our campaign in Nevada, South Carolina and beyond. I could use your help to keep this momentum going. Chip in what you can, itll make a big difference for our campaign:
Ive been knocked down a whole hell of a lot. But I know how to get back up. We have to get up and provide safety and security for the American people. DemDebate
I know a lot of folks want to write our campaign off right now, but tonight is showing that we're just getting started. We need your help to make the most of tonight's debate. Chip in to keep our momentum going:
Whether youre in the Oval Office or on our partys debate stage: racial profiling is wrong. Period.
You can sue tobacco companies. You can sue pharmaceutical companies. The only companies you cant sue are gun manufacturers because of a law Bernie Sanders voted for. DemDebate
I visited the Techren solar facility. Let me tell you: Nevada gets it. Solar facilities like this one are powering our transition to clean energy and creating jobs in the process. We've got to transition to a clean energy economy.
Obamacare was and is a big deal. The law: - Covered million additional Americans - Protects over million with pre-existing conditions - Allows young people to stay on their parents plans until age Mike Bloomberg calls that a disgrace. I call it progress.
Lots of people on stage talked about health care tonight. Im the only one whos gotten anything done. DemDebate
At the height of Michael Bloombergs Stop-and-Frisk program: - people were stopped - Nearly % were black or latino - Nearly % were innocent. He defended it as recently as this year. Who does he think hes fooling? DemDebate
NBC did a poll the other day. Who did it say the best person to beat Donald Trump was? Me. DemDebate
The stakes of this election couldnt be higher we have to beat Donald Trump, and we only get one chance to do it. Poll after poll shows Im the best candidate to get the job
'In important things like flying or the running of a nation, experience makes the difference between success and failure.' Captain 'Sully' Sullenberger The White House is no place for on-the-job training. We need a president who will be ready on day
I've taken on the NRA and beaten them twice. And I'll do it again as president because everyone should need to pass a background check to buy a
I dont endorse Republicans.
Welcome to the debates, Mike. We have a lot to catch up on about Barack Obamas
I know that these past few years have felt like a constant crisis. But this moment is more than a crisis its also an extraordinary opportunity. Its a chance for us to come back together as a nation to reassert the values that define us as Americans.
Let's be clear: Weapons of war have no place in our communities. That's why I took on the NRA and passed a -year ban on assault weapons and high-capacity magazines and I'll do it again as
With just four days until the Nevada caucuses, theres no time to waste. We need your help to make our final case to voters across the state. Every donation makes a big difference during this critical stretch. Chip in to bring us across the finish line:
The abuse of power is the defining characteristic of Donald Trumps presidency and Attorney General William Barr has helped facilitate it. He should resign
North Carolina's voter ID law was never designed to protect the sacred right to vote. It was designed to prevent people of color from voting. I applaud today's ruling, but our fight to make it easier for all Americans to vote is far from over.
Today is the last day to early vote, Nevada! Confirm your polling location at and head to the polls to make your voice
President Obama asked me to oversee the Recovery Act, which saved our economy from a depression. I secured the Republicans we needed to vote for itand ran the program with almost no waste. We didnt inherit a growing economywe worked for it. That's what I'll do as
We are in a battle for the soul of this nation. Donald Trump: - Fans the flames of hate and emboldens white supremacists - Embraces dictators - Rips children from their parents' arms - Spouts racist lies about immigrants We have to get him out of the White House.
Faith is what has gotten me through difficult times in my life. It provides hope, purpose, and strength. And it is what gives me the reason to believe that our nation's best days still lie
. Cher thanks for the kind words. Im in Vegas this week. Let me know if you need an opener!

On PresidentsDay, we remember the leaders who showed strength in moments of fear, who brought us together in moments of division, and showed empathy in moments of pain. Then we remember that today, our President is Donald Trump. In November, let's end this chapter of history.
Nevada you can early vote now! Don't wait until Saturday to make your voice heard, head to to confirm your polling location and early vote
At a time when the president is fanning the flames of white supremacy and hatred in our country, we cannot discount the voices of those who have the most at stake in this election.
Americans should decide American elections. Period. House Democrats took action to protect our elections from foreign interference its time Mitch McConnell and Senate Republicans do the
I believe the best way forward is to build on Obamacare with a Medicare-like public option for every single American who wants it. It's the best way to achieve universal coverage without raising taxes on the middle class. Read more:
We need a president who puts protecting our children ahead of the
We are so much better than Donald Trump.
I need your help if we're going to beat Donald Trump and restore the soul of this nation. With the Nevada caucuses less than one week away, your donation is more important than ever. Chip in today:
You know better than anybody else what works best for your family. Thats why my health care plan starts with a choice: you can stick with private coverage, including quality plans that unions have negotiated, or you can go with a new public option.
Ive got the record and the vision to get big things done for
Newtown Parkland Las Vegas Enough is enough. We have to take on the NRA and end our gun violence
We are the United States of America. We are strong and great because of our diversity not in spite of it. Donald Trump doesn't get that. We need a president who does.
Donald Trumps inhumane, fear-based immigration policies are a stain on our nation. We have to get him out of the White House and ensure our laws reflect our values as a nation of immigrants.
Nevada early voting starts today! Head to to find all the info you need to make your voice
Working on boosting my name ID in
As we celebrate BlackHistoryMonth, we not only honor the past but recognize the history being written every day by folks like Milton. I'm grateful he's on our team. Watch his
No one needs an AR-15. Period. We have to get these weapons of war out of our communities.
With just one week until the Nevada caucuses, we need your help to talk with folks about what's at stake in this election. Head to to sign up to help.
Wanted to make sure you saw this, realDonaldTrump: Trumps First Years Created Million Fewer Jobs Than Obamas Last .
Two years ago, innocent people were gunned down and more injured by a shooter with an AR-15 style weapon at a high school in Parkland, FL. As we honor the memory of those we lost, we must recommit to taking action to end our gun violence epidemic.
Happy Valentines Day, Jilly. You're the love of my life and the life of my
Rep. StevenHorsford has been a champion for labor, and for the state of Nevada. Im proud to have his support as we head toward the Nevada caucuses.
In the face of unspeakable tragedy, the students and parents of Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School have turned grief into purpose. Their courage and resolve inspires me every day and I know that with their leadership, we will end our gun violence
The United States Attorney General is not your private attorney, Mr. President. There are limits to your power.
Too often, Black and Brown voters loyalty, support, and commitment to the Democratic Party are taken for granted. Ive never taken it for granted and I never will. The strength of our party is its diversity. We need to be sure every voice is
America is full of possibilities. With Donald Trump out of the White House, we can: - Solve the climate crisis - Rebuild the middle class - Make health care a right - Ensure our government works for all not just the powerful
Where I come from, I dont like people telling me what I have to choose thats why my plan will give people the option to keep their existing plan or buy into a new Medicare-like public option. In contrast, Medicare for All eliminates private and union insurance
Antarctica is facing extreme ice loss. Sea levels and temperatures are rising around the world. Yet Donald Trump continues to deny the evidence in front of his own eyes. We need to take action to solve the climate crisisand that starts with getting Trump out of the White House.
I have said from the day I announced that were in a battle for the soul of this nation. That is even more true today. We have a president who has been sending dog whistles of encouragement and support to white supremacists and hate groups. We have to beat Donald Trump.
Ive released years of my tax returns why hasnt Donald Trump released his? He is the most corrupt president weve ever
I will nominate and appoint federal officials and judges who look just like the rest of America, including the AAPI community. I will build on the Obama-Biden Administrations efforts to ensure that everyone has a voice in a Biden Administration. AAPI2020
Obamacare covered million additional Americans, protects over million people with pre-existing conditions, and allows young people to stay on their parents' plans until age . We shouldn't tear all that down and start over we should protect and build on it.
Let me be clear: the fight to end Donald Trump's presidency is just
If we give Donald Trump four more years in the White House, he will fundamentally alter the character of this nation. We cant stand by and let that
We've only heard from two of the first states, DC, and territorieswhere I come from that's the opening bell, not the closing bell. We're going to fight for every vote in every state, and we need your help to do it. Chip in to help fuel our campaign:
Iowa and New Hampshire were just the beginningwe're taking this campaign to the rest of the country, and we need your help to talk with voters. Every conversation makes a big difference, and it's as easy as sending a text. Sign up to help today:
I stand with the working men and women of Culinary226 because supporting labor means supporting our unions.
. AndrewYang is a leading voice about the challenges of the fourth industrial revolution. He brought fun and new ideas to the race. I'm grateful for it, and hope we hear more from him regarding how to ensure workers succeed in an era of increasing automation.
Under Donald Trump: - Job growth has slowed - Manufacturing is worse off - Income inequality is higher than ever He is squandering the growing Obama-Biden economy that he inherited just like he has squandered everything else that he has inherited in his life.
I'm looking forward to seeing MichaelBennet continue the fight to unify our nation, and beat Donald Trump, in the Senate Coloradans are lucky to have him in their corner.
We need a president who chooses unity over division. If we come together and unite this country, theres nothing we cant do.
Nobody told me the road would be easy, but together we can and will
% thats the percentage of African-American voters who have not yet had a chance to vote in this nomination process. You cannot and should not win the Democratic nomination for President without the support of black and brown voters.
Iowa and New Hampshire were just the beginning. Now, were taking this campaign to Nevada and South Carolina, and we have to give it all weve got. Chip in to help power our campaign through this crucial stretch:
Thank you to all of our incredible supporters, volunteers, and staff in New Hampshire! Your hard work and faith in our campaign mean the world to me. Now, were headed to Nevada, South Carolina, and beyond.
Joe's about to take the stage from South Carolina. Tune in to watch live:
President Mandela was no ordinary man. When he stepped out of prison years ago today, he immediately resumed his life's work to end apartheid. He showed us that trust and reconciliation are possible, delivering justice for his people.
There has been a lot of veiled criticism of the Obama-Biden record lately, so let me be clear about something: Barack Obama was a great president. We dont say that
Thank you for standing with me, IBEW. I'll fight alongside you every single day in the White House to strengthen America's unions and rebuild the middle class.
Todays the day its primary day in New Hampshire! Head to to make calls into the Granite State from wherever you are in the country to help get voters to the polls.
We are in a battle for the soul of this nation. If we want to win, its going to take everyone stepping up and making their voice heard. If you live in New Hampshire, confirm your polling place by heading to and make sure to get out and vote
It's primary day in New Hampshire and we're counting on supporters across the Granite State to get out and vote. Head to to confirm your polling location. Together, we can win this primary, beat Donald Trump, and restore the soul of this
Todays the day, New Hampshire! Confirm your polling location at and make sure to get out and
Donald Trump is proposing cuts to Medicaid, Obamacare, and food assistance while protecting giant tax giveaways to corporations and the super-wealthy. He has once again proved how morally unfit he is to lead our country.
Donald Trump will say over and over that the economy is on the ballot this year. It is. But Americas character is on the ballot too. And despite what Trump says, we dont have to choose one or the other. We can be a good country with a good
The New Hampshire primary is just one day away, and we need your help to talk with folks about whats at stake in this election. Head to to make calls into New Hampshire from wherever you are in the country.
I've always said you shouldn't let the barriers in life define you. Brayden sure as hell didn't let them define him. I'm proud to be a part of his
With just one day until the New Hampshire primary, were hard at work making our final case to voters and we need your help. Chip in today to help us deliver our closing argument to as many Granite Staters as possible:
We need a president with the courage to stand up to the NRA and pass common-sense gun safety measures not one with a long record of siding with the gun lobby.
Experience matters. The White House is no place for on-the-job training. We need a president who will be prepared to clean up Donald Trumps mess on day one.
I've lost a lot in my life, but I'll be damned if I'm going to stand by and lose my country too. We have to beat Donald Trump.
I know there are a lot of folks who want to write our campaign off already but Ive got news for them: Were not going anywhere. There's too much at stake in this election. I will fight for every last vote, but I can't do it without you. Chip in today:
There are just two days until the first-in-the-nation primary, and we need your help to bring us across the finish line. If you have a few minutes, head to to talk with New Hampshire voters about what's at stake in this election. Id greatly appreciate
Its not enough to just end Citizens United we have to eliminate all private dollars from our federal elections. It's time we return our democracy to the people.
We are in a climate emergency. We have to get Donald Trump out of the White House and treat climate change like the existential threat that it is before it's too late.
Rebuilding the middle class and ensuring that this time everyone comes along starts with one word: unions. Thats why I look forward to signing the PROAct as President. Congratulations to the House and labor movement for passing this landmark bill.
TeamJoe has been hard at work talking with folks in every corner of New Hampshire but it all comes down to this final push. Every conversation will make a big difference on Tuesday. Sign up to volunteer today:
When it comes to expanding access to more affordable health care, Americans like Charlene can't wait. I'm the only candidate in this race who has passed a big, bold health care reform bill and I'll do it again in the White
Donald Trump does not deserve to be commander in chief for one more
Former Mayor Pete doesnt think very highly of the Obama-Biden record. Lets
I just wrapped up tonight's DemDebate, and I need your help to keep this momentum going. Every donation makes a big difference. Chip in today:
Lt. Col. Vindman is an American patriot.
With just four days until New Hampshire voters head to the polls, theres no time to waste. We need your help to keep the momentum going from tonights DemDebate. Chip in $5 to help power our campaign through this crucial stretch:
Five. Thats how many times Senator Sanders voted against the Brady background check bill that has kept million firearms out of dangerous hands. I helped pass it. We need a president who'll stand up to the NRA not stand with them against lifesaving gun safety measures.
The United States must keep our commitments when we make them, otherwise we have no power to lead the world. The only way to not become the police of the world is to have allies that will join us in dealing with failed states and terrorism. DemDebate
The best path forward on health care is to protect and build on Obamacare not tear it down and start over.
As President, I will use military power responsibly and as a last resort. We will not go back to forever wars in the Middle East. DemDebate
Donald Trump called our troops traumatic brain injuries headaches. If my son had still been there in Iraq, Id have been so damn angry. Donald Trump does not deserve to be commander in chief for one more day. DemDebate
Donald Trump should have been pinning a medal on Lt. Col. Vindman not Rush Limbaugh. DemDebate
I led the Obama-Biden Administrations efforts to pass and implement the Recovery Act, which saved the American economy from another depression and sent South Bend, IN, over $75 million to invest in projects around the town. Projects that Mayor Pete likes to take credit
One of the most important issues we face as a nation is ensuring affordable, accessible health care. There's work to do, but that doesn't mean starting from scratch. It means protecting and building on Obamacare.
We have to get real about health care. The American people deserve the truth and an explanation of what Medicare for All will cost not political games.
Were not only going to have to win the White House but we have to bring along the United States Senate. We cant do that with someone who labels themselves as a Democratic Socialist. DemDebate
Im incredibly proud of Brayden for sharing his story on national TV. He is truly a remarkable young man and I cant wait to see what his future
No corporation pulling in billions of dollars in profits should pay a lower tax rate than our teachers and firefighters. Its time corporations pay their fair share.
Who in God's name needs a weapon that can hold one hundred rounds? These weapons of war have no place in our communities. Ive taken on the NRA to ban them once before, and Ill do it again in the White
We're just four days from the first-in-the-nation primary in New Hampshire, and we need all hands on deck to talk with voters before they head to the polls. Head to to make calls to New Hampshire voters from wherever you are in the country.
When I met Brayden this week, he had a familiar anxiety on his face. It was the anxiety of a kid with a stutter, something I struggled to overcome when I was a kid too. Here's what I told
We need a president who chooses compassion over cruelty.
Its not hyperbole to say that we are in a battle for the soul of this nation. Everything that makes us who we are is at stake. We have to get Donald Trump out of the White House and take back this country.
Empathy matters. Compassion matters. We have to reach out to one another and heal this country and thats what Ill do as
John DiEleuterio had a huge heart and was a friend I counted on for over years. As a Colonel in the National Guard and as the State Director in my Senate office, John served our country with dignity and distinction. Jill and I send our condolences to Maureen and his family.
I firmly believe America's best days still lie ahead. If we come together and unite this country, there's not a single thing we can't do.
Grace - I've said it before and I'll say it again: LGBTQ rights are civil rights. It's an honor to work for you and in service of justice for every American in this
Let's be real about health care. You gotta level with the American people. Tell them the truth, what you think it's gonna cost and how you're gonna get it
I grew up with a stutter. At tonights CNN town hall, I was asked what advice I would give to those working to overcome their own heres what I
Today, DougJones stood up and did the right thing. He showed courage on the Senate floor, when many did not. The only way we will defeat Trump now is to keep strong Democrats in the Senateand a strong campaign at the top of the ticket. Chip in today:
Looking forward to discussing whats at stake in this election and my bold vision for the future of our country at tonights town hall in New Hampshire. Tune in to CNN at PM ET to watch live.
Only Donald Trump could debase our nation's highest civilian honor and turn it into a partisan political prop.
My North Star as president will be rebuilding the middle class. And this time, we're going to bring everyone along regardless of race, gender, religion, ethnicity, sexual orientation, or
Fred, it must not have been easy to sit there and listen to realdonaldtrump lie. Im proud of you for speaking truth to the abuse of power.
Mayor Pete likes to call me part of the old failed Washington. Was it a failure when I helped pass Obamacare, the Paris Agreement, the Violence Against Women Act, or the assault weapons ban? I have a stronger record of passing big, progressive legislation than anyone running.
Last night, President Trump turned his constitutional obligation to inform Congress about the state of our union into an episode of reality television. It was a shameful display. SOTU
Our administration brought the economy back from the brink of depression, saved the auto industry, and made health care available to millions of families. Donald Trump gave billionaires a tax break.
Rosa Parks helped ignite a movement that changed the course of history. Lets carry on her legacy by continuing to push our nation to finally live up to our highest ideals. We cant rest until we achieve liberty, justice, and equality for all. RosaParksDay
Caroline has served her country with the utmost distinction both at home and abroad. I'm honored to have her support as we head into New Hampshire, Nevada, and South Carolina.
The fight against cancer is personal for me like it is for so many people. And it's a fight we must win. With the incredible breakthroughs we've made in recent years and with so many just over the horizon I'm confident that we will end cancer as we know it. WorldCancerDay
. ATUcomm has been integral to the labor movement and putting our country on a path towards lifting the middle class. We've got a long campaign ahead of us, and I'm thrilled to have the support of my friend John Costa and the hard-working members of ATU with me.
Iowa was just the first step. Now, were taking this campaign to the rest of the country, and we need your help to do it. I know weve asked a lot these last nine months, but there's never been a more crucial time for our campaign. Chip in today:
Everybody knows who Donald Trump is its time we show them who we are. We choose: Hope over fear. Science over fiction. Unity over division. Compassion over cruelty. Truth over lies.
We need a president who is not only ready to fight but is also ready to heal this country and thats exactly what Ill do as president. Theres nothing weve been unable to do when we do it together.
I want to thank our incredible supporters and volunteers in Iowa and all across the country. Now, its onto New Hampshire, Nevada, South Carolina, and beyond!
Joe's about to take the stage in Des Moines, Iowa. Tune in to watch live:
Iowa if youre in line at your caucus location by PM CT, you can caucus!
America's character is on the ballot. I don't believe we're the dark, angry nation we see in Donald Trump's tweets we are so much better than who he thinks we are.
Imagine all the progress we can make in the next four years. With Donald Trump out of the way, we can make affordable health care a right, lead the fight on climate change, and ban assault weapons. It's all possible. And it starts tonight in
In a few hours, Iowans will gather around the state to set our nation on the path to picking the next president. Its a big responsibilityand we need everyone on TeamJoe to show up and make their voices heard. Head to to confirm your caucus
The next president will inherit a country divided and a world in disarray. There will be no time for on-the-job training. We need a president who is ready on day one.
The stakes of this election could not be higher. We only have one chance to beat Donald Trump and we need a nominee who can get the job
Caucus Day is here, Iowa! Head to to confirm your caucus location and plan to show up by :30 PM CT. I hope I can count on your support because together we can beat Donald Trump, unite this country, and win the battle for the soul of this
Its caucus day in Iowa, and we need your help to bring us across the finish line. If you have a few extra minutes, head to to make calls into Iowa. Id greatly appreciate it. Lets finish
We choose: Hope over fear. Unity over division. Truth over lies. Our nations character is on the ballot, Iowa. Tonight, lets show them who we really
Todays the day, Iowa! Confirm your caucus location at and make a plan to arrive by :30 PM
We can beat Donald Trump. We can unite this country. We can restore the soul of this nation. It all begins tomorrow night in
When we launched this campaign, I said we were in a battle for the soul of this nation. That battle begins tomorrow night in Iowaand requires everyone stepping up and making their voice heard. If youre with me, let me know by committing to caucus today:
My values are rooted in the American character: tough, resilient, but always full of hope. We need a president who appeals to the best in us and unites this nation because if we come together, theres not a single thing we cant
This is the final stretch the Iowa caucuses are just one day away and we need your help to keep the momentum going. Every phone call and every conversation will make a big difference tomorrow night. Head to to make calls into Iowa. Lets get to
When I say we need to restore the soul of the nation, Im not talking about taking us back to an America that never existedbut propelling us forward to a place weve never been. Where we finally live up to our highest ideals and everyone gets a full share of the American dream.
Ive never been more optimistic about the future of America. Theres not a single thing we cant do if we do it
TeamJoe has been hard at work making phone calls, knocking doors, and talking with as many folks as possible over the last nine monthsbut it all comes down to these last few days. We need all hands on deck for this final push. Sign up to volunteer today:
The Iowa caucus is tomorrow night, its time to make your plan! Caucusing is fun and easy and making a plan only takes a few minutes. Head to to make sure youre all
Trump further diminished the U.S. in the eyes of the world by expanding his travel ban. This new African Ban, is designed to make it harder for black and brown people to immigrate to the United States. Its a disgrace, and we cannot let him succeed.
America was founded on the ideals of equality, equity, and fairnesswe've never fully lived up to them, but we've never stopped trying. During BlackHistoryMonth and all year-round, let's celebrate the rich history and culture that's always been vital to the fabric of
Health care is on the ballot. We need to protect Obamacare from Donald Trumps relentless attempts to repeal and sabotage it and build on the law to ensure every American has the peace of mind that comes with quality, affordable
We are in the midst of a crisis with the coronavirus. We need to lead the way with science not Donald Trumps record of hysteria, xenophobia, and fear-mongering. He is the worst possible person to lead our country through a global health emergency.
The Iowa caucus is just two days away, and we need your help to talk with as many folks as possible before Monday night. Head to to make calls into Iowa from wherever you are in the country.
From my childhood in Scranton, Pennsylvania, to the halls of the White House the middle-class values of hard work, respect, and decency have guided my entire life. It's time we brought those values back to the Oval
The Iowa Caucus is just days away and polls show us in a dead heat. I'm confident that we can compete and that we'll go on to beat Donald Trumpbut we need your help to do it. Every dollar makes a big differencechip in to bring us across the finish line:
America's farmers deserve better than four more years of Donald Trump's empty rhetoric and broken
We have to restore the soul of this nation, build an inclusive middle class, and unite the country to get big things done. That all starts Monday night in Iowa. If youre with me, let me know by committing to caucus today:
With just three days until Iowa, we need all hands on deck to talk with folks about whats at stake in this election. Every conversation during this final stretch will make a big difference on Monday night. Sign up to volunteer today:
America's character is on the ballot. We can overcome four years of Donald Trump, but if given eight years in the White House, he will forever and fundamentally alter the character of this nation. We can't let that
Donald Trump's Muslim ban is a direct betrayal of Americas most fundamental freedom: religious freedom. And now he's adding more countries to his list of who's not welcome in America. It's not who we are and we'll prove that when we beat Trump this November and end the
I've stood up to bullies my entire life, and I'm ready to stand up to the one in the White House. I hope President Trump heard that message loud and clear when he saw this ad air during Fox & Friends this
Time and time again, Donald Trump has proven he has no moral rudder. Instead of having respect for others, he insults and demeans. He preys on divisions and stokes hate, instead of healing and uniting. Trump is everything we aspire not to be as Americans.
. JohnDelaney ran his campaign with conviction to make our government work for the American people. He will continue to be an important voice in shaping our country for years to come.
Let's be clear: If Donald Trump can afford to give giant tax breaks to the super-wealthy, then he can afford to ensure that the most vulnerable in our society receive the health care they need and deserve. We should be expanding Medicaid not cutting it.
Airline catering workers will feed thousands of people traveling to the Super Bowl, but cant afford to feed their own families. I stand in solidarity with unitehere_sofla. AmericanAir needs to ensure LSGSkyChefs pay their workers living wages.
The character of a president matters and we have to make that clear this
Donald Trump is the most erratic and incompetent commander in chief we've ever had. After four years of his self-made chaos, we'll need a president who is ready to clean up the mess on day
With just four days until Iowa and one day until our critical end-of-month fundraising deadline your support has never been more important. Every donation big or small goes a long way in this final stretch. Chip in today to help fuel our campaign:
We can't let Donald Trump define us as a nation we are so much better than who he thinks we are. Lets choose to be the more perfect union we've always aspired to be and restore the soul of this
In four days, Iowans will gather in every corner of the state to set our nation on the path to picking the next president. It's a big responsibility and we need your help to talk with as many folks as possible about what's at stake. Take action today:
Its no understatement to say that Donald Trump represents an existential threat to the future of our country. He has repeatedly shown little understanding of and zero regard for our laws, our values, or our democracy. We have to get him out of the White House.
Ending gun violence is on the ballot. We have to take on the powerful gun lobby and pass common-sense measures that will keep our kids safe. I've beaten the NRA twice and I'll do it again as
As Ive said many times, health care is deeply personal to me, like it is for so many Americans. Im proud to stand with SEIU1199NW to fight for safe staffing, patient care, and fair pay.
The true character of a person is revealed in the Oval Office. We saw it with President Obama. We're seeing it with President Trump and what we've witnessed from this president over the last three years makes clear that we can't give him another
Donald Trump has slammed the door shut in the face of families fleeing persecution and violence. On day one, I will eliminate President Trumps decision to limit asylum and end the MPP program. RestoreAsylumNOW
I've spent my entire life bringing people together to get big, difficult things done. And I intend to do that as your president unifying our country at the moment we need it most. Theres no limit to what we could do if we come together.
Equal pay for equal work is common sense and long overdue. That's why the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act was the first law that the Obama-Biden Administration signed years ago today. We have to continue the fight until we close the gender pay gap once and for all.
We need a president who respects religious
The decision to allow the Trump Administration to discriminate against immigrants based on wealth is a cruel betrayal of our values. The next four years could have a generational impact on our federal courts we have to make Donald Trump a one-term president.
I need your help if we're going to restore the soul of this nation. With the Iowa Caucuses just days away, your donation is more important than ever. Chip in $5 to help fuel our campaign:
Climate is on the ballot. If we dont get Donald Trump out of the White House and take action now to address the climate crisis, our planet may never
Donald Trumps demonstrated failures of judgment and his repeated rejection of science make him the worst possible person to lead our country through a global health challenge.
Imagine all the progress we could make in the next four years. We could make health care a right, lead on climate change, and get assault weapons out of our schools. It could all be a reality but first, we have to beat Donald
A peace plan requires two sides to come together. This is a political stunt that could spark unilateral moves to annex territory and set back peace even more. I've spent a lifetime working to advance the security & survival of a Jewish and democratic Israel. This is not the way.
Iowans, on Feb. rd, you have a chance for a twofer. You can ruin Donald Trump's night, and you can ruin Senator Ernsts,
Let's remember one thing when it comes to impeachment: Donald Trump is on trial because he's afraid to run against me. He knows Ill beat him this November.
Health care is personal to me. Deeply personal. And I guarantee you that if I'm elected president, I will protect your family's health care as if it were my own
Iowa caucus-goers take note. Joni Ernst just spilled the beans. She and Donald Trump are scared to death Ill be the nominee. On Feb. rd, lets make their day.
No family in search of a better life should be denied permanent residency because they don't meet Donald Trump's wealth test. The United States of America should be open and welcome to all not just the wealthy.
Let's be clear: Donald Trump's Muslim ban was never about safety it was a blatant ploy to fan the flames of bigotry and score points with his political base. I will end it.
With just one week until the Iowa Caucus, we need your help to bring us across the finish line. Every door knocked, phone call made, or dollar chipped in goes a long way in this homestretch. Head to to get
On HolocaustMemorialDay and the th anniversary of Auschwitz's liberation, we honor the millions of Jews and other victims whose lives were extinguished by the Nazi regime. Today and every day, we must give hate no safe harbor to ensure such atrocities never again occur.
Selling off public services to private interests at the expense of workers and their communities should be a non-starter. Congratulations to the members of ATUComm, who went on strike for days to fight for their rights and won.
Climate change poses an existential threat to our future and we are running out of time to address it. We have to get Donald Trump out of the White House and rally the world to meet the urgency of this
I'm grateful to have the endorsement of the scj. The battle for the soul of this nation begins in Iowa and I'm confident that together, we'll make Donald Trump a one-term president and take back this country.
Congrats MichelleObama on winning a Grammy for telling your story with strength and with grace. Jill and I are so thrilled for you. Just beat Barack to an EGOT, will ya?
Jill and I are sending our prayers to the Bryant family and to everyone who lost loved ones in todays crash. Its a reminder of how special and fragile life is. And its a reminder that weve got to make every day count.
Make no mistake: Our best days still lie ahead. If we come together and act as one America, there's nothing that we can't accomplish.
The seas are rising. Australia is burning. And in this moment of crisis, our President thinks windmills cause cancer. Solving the climate crisis, starts with beating Donald Trump. And once I do, we'll pass my ambitious climate plan.
Firefighters represent the best of America they put their lives on the line every single day and selflessly rush toward danger to save others. I'm grateful for the endorsement of IAFFNewsDesk. There's no group of people I'd rather stand
Every American deserves access to safe, clean drinking water. We have to hold polluters accountable and rid our water of unsafe levels of these chemicals for good.
Happy Lunar New Year to all those celebrating throughout the country. I'm grateful for the contributions that the AAPI community has made to enrich America's diversity. I hope the Year of the Rat brings good fortune, health, and happiness to all.
One of my favorite parts of the campaign trail is meeting folks across the country and hearing their stories. So my team and I are picking one lucky person to sit down with me for a cup of joe. Chip in today for your chance to win:
Lets be clear: Transgender equality is the civil rights issue of our time. There is no room for compromise when it comes to basic human rights.
After four years of Betsy DeVos and the Trump Administration, our students and educators will need strong advocates in the White House who will repair the damage they have caused. That's exactly what they'll have with me and DrBiden.
U.S. troops have been diagnosed with traumatic brain injury after Iranian missiles struck their base in Iraq. Donald Trump brought us to the brink of warthen dismissed the injuries as headaches. The idea that the commander in chief would take this lightly is disgusting.
The stakes of this election couldnt be higher. Every day that Donald Trump sits in the Oval Office, he poses a threat to America and the world. We have to beat
Immigrants have always made our country stronger. Our diversity is, and has always been, our greatest strength. Donald Trump doesn't get that we need a president who
The next president will face the enormous task of picking up the pieces left by President Trump. They will have to salvage our reputation, rebuild confidence in our leadership, and mobilize the world to meet new challenges. There will be no time to lose.
My Dad used to say, 'don't tell me what you value. Show me your budget, and I'll tell you what you value.' Your budget cuts Social Security and Medicaid while protecting giveaways to the wealthiest. You've shown us what you value.
Great news out of Utah. No child should be subjected to the vile, immoral practice of conversion therapy. We have to ban it at the federal level and make sure every young person is affirmed and accepted just as they are.
I tell people that when a family experiences tragedy, the most important thing they can do is to turn their grief into purpose. fred_guttenberg found his purpose and his courage and determination have helped fuel the fight for gun safety
U.S. troops hurt in Iran's missile attack are being evaluated for traumatic brain injuries. To Trump, it's just headaches. We need a president who respects our service members and honors our sacred duty to care for our wounded warriors.
Its not hyperbole to say Donald Trump is a threat to our planet. We have to get him out of the White House and treat the climate emergency like the existential threat that it is. Our future depends on it.
On the anniversary of a hopeful moment, it's clear Trump's Venezuela policy is a dead end. Millions are suffering with the Maduro regime still in power.
Its going to take everyone rolling up their sleeves and doing their part to beat Donald Trump and take back this country. And with just days until Iowa, your help has never been more important. Head to to take action from anywhere in the country.
When we divert public funds to private schools, we undermine the entire public education system. We've got to prioritize investing in our public schools, so every kid in America gets a fair shot. That's why I oppose vouchers. Espinoza
Empathy matters. I think it's important not only for leaders but for everybody to treat people with
An administration that gives trillions in tax cuts to giant corporations and the super-wealthy but cuts food assistance for the most vulnerable in our society is morally bankrupt.
years ago today, RoevWade recognized a woman's constitutional right to choose but that right is under attack across the country. We must codify Roe into law and fight back against any state laws that violate it.
My administration will not cut Social Security or Medicare benefits. Period. Well expand them. Meanwhile, Donald Trump is saying he would consider sacrificing seniors' benefits to protect tax cuts for the wealthiest Americans and big companies. We have to defeat him in November.
Our students and educators deserve better than four more years of Betsy
Every morning I get up, I think to myself, 'Is Beau proud of me?' Hes the one who made me promise to stay engaged and that promise guides me every
We have to end Citizens United, but we can't stop there. It's time we eliminate all private dollars from federal elections and return our democracy to the people.
I've been fighting to protect and expand Social Security for my whole career. Any suggestion otherwise is just flat-out
Our government should work for everyone not just the powerful or super-wealthy. We need to: - Eliminate all private dollars from federal elections - End Citizens United and dark money groups - Increase transparency and accountability
Make no mistake, Obamacare is on the ballot this November. Coverage for millions of Americans and protections for pre-existing conditions are on the ballot. We have to protect the progress we've made and show up to the polls to defend the Affordable Care Act.
Ten years ago, the Supreme Court unleashed an unlimited flood of dark money into our politics with its Citizens United decisionfurther corrupting our politics & eroding faith in our democracy. Its time we end Citizens United. Add your name if you agree:
I was reminded this weekend by Pastor McCallum that we've got to bring a sense of community back to this country. That work starts
Social Security is the bedrock of American retirement. And in my administration, we won't just protect it. We'll expand
Thanks for acknowledging this, Bernie. These kinds of attacks have no place in this primary. Lets all keep our focus on making Donald Trump a one-term president.
The courage shown today by the lawmakers, staff, and gun safety advocates in Richmond is inspiring. It's long past time the calls for reform are met with concrete action that ends our gun violence epidemic. IStandWithVirginia today, and every day, until the job is done.
From my days as a public defender to my time as Vice President I've spent my entire career fighting against discrimination and championing civil rights. I'm running for president to bring that fight to the Oval Office and give everyone a full share of the American
In times of crisis and division, a president should seek to calm and heal. But time and again, President Trump has chosen to further stoke the flames. He is poison to the soul of our nation.
As Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. said, The arc of the moral universe is long, but it bends toward justice. As we seek to restore the soul of this nation from a long moral lapse, we look to those words and take solace that this too shall pass and justice will prevail. MLKDay
Honored to have won Jacquelyn's
Donald Trump's poisonous rhetoric and divisive politics have brought America to an inflection point. In this moment, we have an enormous opportunity to take the next great step forward as a nation. Let's get to work. We can do this,
This is a big victory for South Carolina. The right to vote is the most fundamental American right there is we have to break down barriers to the ballot box and ensure every American can make their voice heard.
The big banks didn't need an additional $32 billion in savings, and their shareholders certainly didn't need an extra $21.5 billion in payouts. It's time we ensure corporations pay their fair share and that our country rewards work not wealth.
The th anniversary of our alliance with Japan reminds us that close partnership and deep cooperation are among our greatest assets. I understand the value of our alliances; they make us stronger. I would build on this legacy, rather than dismantling it.
I stand with the snow plow drivers who work day in and day out to keep our roads safe, often in dangerous conditions. Every worker in this country deserves the dignity that comes with fair wages and benefits. Stay safe out there, IBT_320.
Thank you Captsully for sharing your story. Theres a lot of kids who I bet needed to hear it. Being different isnt a barrier to success. It can give you the strength to save lives in a crash landing or even run for President.
Donald Trump continues to embrace corruption at home and abroad. Rather than addressing the root causes pushing people to flee Central America, he has undermined anti-corruption bodiesfirst in Guatemala and now in Honduras.
There used to be a basic bargain in this countrywhen you worked hard, you shared in the prosperity you helped create. But CEOs and Wall Street continue to put profits over workers. It's wrong. We have to restore the dignity of work and ensure everyone earns what they deserve.
Together, we're going to beat Donald Trump and take back this country. Chip in if youre ready to leave him in the dust:
Weapons of war have no place in our communities. Its time we take on the NRA and ban assault weapons for good.
Vermont you don't have to wait until March rd to cast your ballot, you can early vote now! Head to to find all the info you need to make your voice heard in the
Happy birthday, MichelleObama. Youre a shining light in the lives of all that have the honor of knowing you. Jill and I are grateful to call you a dear friend. But dont tell Jill Im still eating ice cream. And Im not
We need a president who respects our troops and who will restore honor and integrity to the Oval
Donald Trump says he prefers war heroes who 'weren't captured.' He attacks Gold Star families. Now he calls our generals losers,' babies and dopes.' He degrades the office he holds every day.
No malarkey
Minnesota early voting is now open! Dont wait until March rd to cast your ballot, head to the polls and be one of the first in the nation to make your voice heard in the primary. Find everything you need to know here:
It is a moral failing when children are ripped from their parents' arms, locked away in overcrowded detention centers, and denied toothbrushes and soap. We have to end Donald Trump's cruel policies and build a fair and humane immigration system.
This isn't just about who I am, this is about who we are as a country. We're tough, resilient, but always full of hope. With every fiber in my being, I believe theres not a single thing we can't doif we do it
Hate never goes away; it just hides. And when leaders give it oxygen as Donald Trump has done it comes roaring
Americas farmers have had enough of your empty promises, Mr. President.
Let's be clear: white supremacy, racism, and violence have no place in America. We have to root out these evils and give hate no safe harbor. If we stand together, we will win the battle for the soul of our nation.
Voting is a right.
A president has to be able to not only fight but heal and bring our country together. I promise you thats what I will do if Im
The character of our nation is on the ballot in this election. We are so much better than who Donald Trump thinks we are and we have to prove that this
If true, this constitutes an unprecedented attack on our Foreign Service. Amb. Yovanovitch spent her life advancing U.S. interests, only to be defamed by this administration. Our diplomats deserve better. It's inexcusable that Sec. Pompeo won't defend them.
America has never lived up to our promise of equality for all, but we've never stopped trying. Virginia brought us closer to that highest ideal today by ratifying the long overdue ERA. Women's rights should be explicitly in our Constitutionnot left to the whims of legislators.
I'm more optimistic about our future today than I was when I got elected to the Senate as a -year-old. If we come together and unite this country, there's not a single thing we can't
My thoughts and prayers are with Mustafa Kassem's family at this difficult time. His death, after six years in an Egyptian jail, is an outrage. Americans unjustly detained anywhere in the world deserve our governments full support and relentless efforts to secure their release.
This seems like a great reason to rejoin the Paris Agreement, realDonaldTrump.
Im proud that today, our campaign is launching HBCU Students for Biden. This program will be dedicated to helping HBCU students throughout the country learn how to organize for our campaign. Sign up here:
I'm ready to debate Donald Trump on the economy. The American people are getting clobbered, and the wealthy are the only ones doing well. We have to rebuild the middle class, and this time, make sure everyone comes
Cornell is right everything is at stake this November. We have to get Donald Trump out of the White House and unite this country. Because if we come together and act as one America, there is nothing that we can't
Historically Black Colleges and Universities have always been the heartbeat of our countrys fight for justice. Thats why Ill invest $70 billion in HBCUs and Minority-Serving Institutions. When HBCUs rise, we all risejoin HBCU Students for Biden today:
I just got off the debate stage in Iowa, where we're in the homestretch before the caucus. With just days left, every dollar counts. Chip in if you're ready to take back this country and make Donald Trump a one-term president:
This is the United States of America. Theres not a single thing beyond our capacity, if we do it together. Lets go do it. DemDebate
With just days until the Iowa Caucus, we need your help to fuel our campaign. Every donationbig or smallgoes a long way in this homestretch. If you liked what you heard at tonight's DemDebate, please chip in what you can to keep our momentum going:
Look, Ive been the object of Donald Trumps affection now more than anyone else on this stage. Ive taken all the hits hes delivered, and Im only getting stronger in the polls. DemDebate
Republicans have savaged my only surviving son. Theyve spread lies about me that networks wont even carry. It doesnt matter if they go after me. As President of the United States, I have to be able to not only fight I have to heal. And thats what Ill do if Im elected.
Child care is personal to me: I was a single parent as a young senator. I commuted home to Delaware every night to tuck my kids into bed. Child care should be affordable for every parent. DemDebate
Make no mistake, the situation with Iran is a crisis of Donald Trumps own making. He claimed walking away from the Iran deal would deter Iranian aggression and result in a better deal. He failed on both
Under the Biden administration, labor and environmental groups will be at the table to negotiate trade agreements.
Medicare should be able to negotiate prices with drug companies. DemDebate
Ive been very clear about what my health care plan would do: Build on Obamacare by giving Americans more choice, reducing health care costs, and making our health care system easier to navigate. DemDebate
If we dont write the global rules of the road for trade, cyber, climate change, and so much more, they may be written by China or other nations that dont share our values. DemDebate
I wouldnt meet with Kim Jong Un without pre-conditions. By meeting with him, Donald Trump gave Kim Jong Un what he was looking for: legitimacy. I will work closely with our allies and hold China accountable for its lack of pressure on the Kim regimes bad behavior. DemDebate
No president can take our country to war without the informed consent of the American people. DemDebate
Theres a big difference between sending tens of thousands of American combat troops to the Middle East indefinitely which I oppose and will end and using small teams of special forces to support local forces doing the fighting to advance our common security. DemDebate
No one should shed a tear for Qassem Soleimani. But Trumps reckless escalation and thoughtless withdrawal from the Iran nuclear deal has made America less safe. We need a return to diplomacy and a steady hand at the wheel to navigate an increasingly dangerous world. DemDebate
When Trump discarded the Iran nuclear deal he promised it would produce a better one and curb Iranian aggressionthe reverse happened. Iran has restarted its nuclear program and become more provocative. Ill return to smart, disciplined diplomacy to address the threats we face.
In President Obama asked me to oversee our effort to bring home our combat troops. Ill put my record and my judgment up against anyone in terms of who is the right person to be Commander in Chief. DemDebate
Im about to step on stage for tonights DemDebate in Iowa. Make sure to follow along here and on TeamJoe for updates throughout the night, and tune in to CNN at PM ET to watch live!
So much of whats tearing this country apart can be fixed if we treat each other with basic dignity and respect once again. That starts with having a president who leads by example.
Donald Trump has once again sided with corporations over American workers by making it easier for them to get away with wage theft and overtime violations. It's time we put workers' rights over corporate greed and ensure everyone has the workplace protections they deserve.
Were in a battle for the soul of our nation and Donald Trump is poison to our soul. He has: - Fanned the flames of hatred and bigotry - Embraced dictators - Ripped children from their parents' arms - Degraded our national character We have to get him out of the White House.
Why are you so obsessed with me, Mr. President?
I'm married to a teacher, I see firsthand how difficult it is. We've got to let educators do their job so our students can succeed - that means paying them the salaries they deserve and giving them the respect that they've earned.
From day one, Donald Trump has been determined to roll back every environmental protection he could get his hands on. At a time when the climate crisis is pushing our planet to the brink, we should strengthen protections not weaken them.
The stakes of this election could not be higher. Eight years of Donald Trump will fundamentally alter the character of our nation. We can't let that happen. We have to do everything in our power to make him a one-term president.
When we said to give us your tired, poor, and huddled masses, we absolutely did not mean 'unless they are fleeing violence.'
Transit workers are being attacked every day, often while buses are moving, putting bus drivers and riders in harm's way. That's why I strongly support the Transit Worker and Pedestrian Protection Act to protect our workers from harm while doing their job.
Donald Trump has no strategy when it comes to Iran. No endgame. The only way out of his self-made crisis is through diplomacy clear-eyed, hard-nosed diplomacy grounded in strategy, that's not about one-off decisions or one-upmanship.
Come on. Your administration has been arguing in court to repeal protections for people with pre-existing conditions. You're trying to take health care away from millions of people. The least you could do is be honest about it.
Cory, you campaigned with joy and heart, and instead of just talking about bringing people together, you did it every day. You made our politics better just by running. Grateful to you and looking forward to your continued leadership.
Puerto Rico should not be treated any differently than if this happened anywhere else in America it's wrong. We should be surging all the help that is needed to fix the damage done by the
Theres enormous opportunity once we get rid of Donald Trump. We can: - Address the climate emergency - Build a more inclusive middle class - Build on Obamacare - Ensure our government works for everyone not just the powerful
Trumps reckless policies have needlessly endangered our interests in the Middle East. But none of us should be under any illusions about the Iranian regime, and the Iranian people like all people everywhere have the right to peaceful protest. The world should support them.
Gracias por su apoyo, Mayor EricGarcetti. Estoy orgulloso de caminar junto a los bomberos, los Angelenos, y los Americanos. Y hoy, me siento orgulloso de caminar junto a ti.
Thank you for your endorsement, Mayor EricGarcetti. Im proud to walk with firefighters, Angelenos, and Americans. And today, Im proud to walk with you. Lets do
I want to congratulate my friend Iowa Attorney General Tom Miller on making history. I've known Tom for years, he has never been afraid to take on the tough fights and has always served with honor and integrityIowa and our nation are better because of it.
I've seen firsthand how hard our educators work for little pay and with few resources. They deserve better. It's time we support our educators by giving them the pay and dignity they deserve.
What kind of nation are we if we simply accept that kids learn active shooter drills with their ABCs? We have to take on the NRA and pass common-sense gun safety reforms to protect our
Congratulations to President Tsai and the people of Taiwan for another successful election. You are stronger because of your free and open society. The United States should continue strengthening our ties with Taiwan and other like-minded democracies.
Members of Teamsters Local are striking against ASARCO for their unfair labor practicesI called into the picket line to support them. Every company should provide its workers with the pay and benefits they've earnedespecially one that pulls in over $1 billion in
Firefighters represent the best of America courageous, selfless, and always answering the call to duty. I'm grateful to those who are heading to help our friends in Australia battle devastating wildfires.
Being a nation of immigrants is and has always been one of our greatest strengths. Our diversity has always made us stronger, but Donald Trump doesnt get
Make no mistake: the situation with Iran is a crisis of Donald Trump's own making. He brought us to the brink of war with no plan and no strategy. He is the most erratic and incompetent commander in chief we've ever
I've released years of my tax returns. Why haven't you released any of yours, Mr. President? Release your taxes or hush up about
Donald Trump brought us dangerously close to starting a new war with Iran without any semblance of a plan. This moment requires a leader who will be ready on day one to pick up the pieces and repair the damage Trump has
I started the Cancer Moonshot so we could be the generation that finally cures cancer. You then tried to slash nearly $1 billion for cancer funding. We're lucky that the cancer rate is down, but we're luckier that Congress stopped you.
This election is about the soul of America and a nation that allows our epidemic of school shootings to continue has a troubled soul. We have to beat the NRA and get weapons of war off our streets. Lives depend on
Facebook continues to put their profits over the truth allowing politicians like Donald Trump to spend an unthinkable amount of money on paid disinformation. Our democracy is worse off for their failure to confront this.
We are so much better than who Donald Trump thinks we are. We dont have to give in to his dark, petty, angry vision of America. We can choose to be the more perfect union we have always aspired to be and restore the soul of this nation.
Instead of using his statement today to lay out a coherent strategy on Iran, Donald Trump used it to mislead the country on the Obama-Biden record. He's been President for three years. It's time he stops blaming President Obama for his failures.
I'm thankful no one was hurt in last night's attack. But we're only in this mess because Donald Trump pulled out of the Iran Deal (which even his advisors said was working), turned his back on our allies, and had no strategy for what comes next.
Gabby is one of the strongest people I know. The resilience she has shown is remarkable. I'm inspired by her courage in turning tragedy into purpose and grateful for her relentless determination to make our country a safer place for all.
days that's how long it's been since the federal minimum wage was last raised. Its unacceptable. Raising the minimum wage to $15 an hour nationwide should be just our starting point for ensuring workers receive the pay they deserve.
Pope Francis is absolutely right. As a nation, we have a moral obligation to ensure everyone has access to the care they need. Health care is a right for all not a privilege for the few.
We have to rebuild the middle class. But this time, we have to make sure that people historically left out of the middle class whether due to race, gender, sexual orientation, disability, or religion have the chance to be included in our success.
Im going to hold off on commenting on the news tonight until we know more, but there is one thing I will say: Jill and I are keeping our troops and Americans overseas in our prayers. We hope youll keep them in yours.
Donald Trump says he wants to end endless wars in the Middle East, yet he is bringing us dangerously close to starting a new
Estoy con el pueblo de Puerto Rico, nuestros conciudadanos, en este momento de necesidad. Es inconcebible que gran parte del arduo trabajo de la recuperacin ante desastres an no se haya hecho. Tenemos que ofrecer apoyo concreto a Puerto Rico antes de que se pierdan ms vidas.
I stand with the people of Puerto Rico, our fellow citizens, in this moment of need. Its unconscionable that so much of the hard work of disaster recovery continues to be left undone. We've got to deliver concrete support for Puerto Rico now before more lives are lost.
Nicols Maduro is a dictator. I strongly condemn his regimes violent takeover of the Venezuelan National Assembly, the countrys sole remaining democratic institution.
Donald Trump is the most reckless & incompetent commander in chief we've ever had. Every day he directs American national security is a dangerous day for the world. We have to get him out of the White House. Chip in to help make him a one-term president:
At :00 PM, I'll be speaking about the escalating situation with Iran and the imperative need to restore respected, responsible, and dignified leadership on the world stage. Tune in to watch live:
Trump wants to ignore climate science when making infrastructure decisions. In the Biden Administration, every dollar spent toward rebuilding our roads, bridges, buildings, the electric grid, and our water infrastructure will be used to reduce and withstand a changing climate.
On Da de los Reyes, as Christmas comes to a close, we are reminded of the call of the three kings: to give of ourselves without expectation, seek peace no matter how long the journey, and know that a bright future is within reach. Jill and I wish a Happy Three Kings Day to all!
Let's be clear: Donald Trump does not have the authority to take us into war with Iran without Congressional approval. A president should never take this nation to war without the informed consent of the American people.
I stand in solidarity with those marching in New York against the rise of anti-Semitism. This is what the battle for the soul of our nation looks like and it's up to all of us to reject intolerance in all its forms and give hate no safe harbor.
Our Statue of Liberty invites in the tired, the poor, the huddled masses yearning to breathe free. But Donald Trump has slammed the door in the face of families fleeing persecution and violence. Jill traveled to Matamoros to shed light on how these policies hurt asylum
This is a crisis of Donald Trumps own making. He claimed pulling out of the Iran deal would deter Iranian aggression and result in a better deal. He has failed on both counts. He is the most erratic and incompetent commander in chief weve ever had.
Hey realDonaldTrump, do you think the American people want another war in the Middle East? Des Moines certainly
The more the walls close in on this guy, the more irrational he becomes.
The world is burning, yet Donald Trump continues to deny the evidence of climate change before all of our eyes. We have to get him out of the White House and take urgent global action to combat the climate crisis before its too late.
This simply shouldnt happen in America. Folks deserve access to affordable, quality long-term care in their homes. We have to fight for Alex and those who use long-term care.
We can overcome four years of Donald Trump, but if we give him eight years in the White House he will forever and fundamentally alter the character of this nation. We can't let that
On the trail, I hear countless stories from folks whose lives have been changed by Obamacare. We can't afford to start overwe need a president who will protect and build on it to ensure everyone has access to quality, affordable
The prospect of direct conflict with Iran is greater than ever. Does Donald Trump have a strategy for what comes next? Nothing we have seen from this Administration suggests that they are prepared to deal with the risks we now
We need a leader who will be ready on day one to pick up the pieces of Donald Trump's broken foreign policy and repair the damage he has caused around the
Our world has been set on edge by an erratic, unstable, and dangerously incompetent commander in chief. The stakes could not be higher. Every day that Donald Trump directs American national security is a dangerous day for the United States and the
My statement on the killing of Qassem
Donald Trump stacked the Supreme Court with justices to try to overturn Roe v. Wadeand now Republicans are seizing the opportunity to restrict a woman's constitutional right to choose. We have to fight these attacks and ensure this choice remains between a woman and her doctor.
We're just one full day into and there have already been at least three mass shootings across the country. Enough is enough. We have a moral obligation to do everything in our power to end this gun violence epidemic.
Before the holidays, Jill walked across the Gateway International Bridge into Matamoros, Mexico, where families are enduring inhumane conditions. Jill witnessed the cruelty of Trump's policies and the resiliency of those risking their lives to seek asylum.
If you're a teacher or a firefighter, you're probably paying more in taxes than Amazon or Netflix. We've got to make sure corporations pay their fair share.
I'm excited to share that we raised $22.7 million this last quarter our biggest quarter so far this campaign! Thank you to everyone who chipped in what you could your support means the world to me. You truly are the heart of our
Like Vicky said, we need a president who will restore integrity to the White
It was a privilege to work with JulianCastro during the Obama Administration, and a true honor to be in this talented field of candidates with him. He led his historic campaign with grace and heart and used his platform to lift the voices of others. Thank you, Mr. Secretary.
Every day that Donald Trump remains in the White House puts the future of our planet at risk. We have to beat him this November and take immediate action to address the climate emergency.
This election is about the soul of our nation and Donald Trump is poison to our
With just over one month until the Iowa Caucus, we need all hands on deck to talk with folks about what's at stake in this election. Join our team today and let's get to work:
Every single human being deserves to be treated with dignity. Everyone. The poor and the powerless, the marginalized and vulnerable, the least of these. That has been the animating principle of my life and my faith.
Our final fundraising deadline of is just hours away and we need your help. Every donation big or small goes a long way to helping us make Donald Trump a one-term president. Chip in before midnight to help us reach our goal:
As we move into the New Year, there's one thing I know: in we're going to beat Donald Trump and take back this country.
was a year of record violence it will be a moral failure if we allow to be the same. We have to elect leaders with the courage to take on the NRA and pass common-sense gun safety reform. We have to end this epidemic.
Next year could give us one of two things: a new administration or four more years of Donald Trump. We can defeat him, but only with your help. Chip in what you can before our midnight deadline:
It will take years to repair the damage Betsy DeVos is doing to our schools. Our students and educators deserve a Secretary of Education who values our public schools and is actually an educator.
We all said that Donald Trumps trade war would lead to job losses and higher prices. And now, its leading to job losses and higher prices. I didn't read Art of the Deal, but this is the textbook definition of a failed negotiation.
Tomorrow marks our end-of-year fundraising deadline and we need your help to reach our goal. Our campaign relies on supporters like you giving $5, $10, $20 at a time. Chip in to help us end the year on a strong note:
Health care should be more than just a luxury reserved for those who can afford it. Its a right we all deserve one that is central to our dignity, and to who we want to be as a country.
My dad had a saying: Joey, the greatest sin of all is the abuse of power. Right now, our democracy is at risk. Weve got to come together and fight back against Donald Trump Democrats, Republicans, Independents
Scripture is clear: Its not enough to just wish the world were better. Its our duty to make it soincluding by leading the world in addressing the climate crisis and providing a roadmap to citizenship for those contributing to our communities.
Congressman Lewis has always fought in the name of building a more just, more fair country. If there's anybody who can take the fight to cancer, it's you, John. Jill and I are sending our prayers to you and your family. Keep the faith, and keep up the fight.
No one in America should work full time and live below the poverty line. Its past time we raise the minimum wage to $15 an hour and provide a reliable pathway to the middle class.
Donald Trump will stop at nothing to sabotage Obamacare and roll back the progress we've made. We have to protect the ACA and build on it to ensure every American has access to quality, affordable
The horrifying rise of antisemitism is tearing apart the fabric of our communities and the soul of this nation. We've got to stand together as a country and fight these flames of hatred. My deepest sympathies are with the victims, their families, and the Jewish community.
Our democracy is in trouble. Were at the breaking point. And we need a president who will rise above the personal attacks and reach out to unite this nation. If we come together and act as one America, there's nothing we cant accomplish.
The subpoenas should go to witnesses with testimony to offer to Trumps shaking down the Ukraine government they should go to the White House.
But I am just not going to pretend that there is any legal basis for Republican subpoenas for my testimony in the impeachment trial. That is the point I was making yesterday and I reiterate: this impeachment is about Trumps conduct, not mine.
I want to clarify something I said yesterday. In my years in public life, I have always complied with a lawful order and in my eight years as VP, my office unlike Donald Trump and Mike Pence cooperated with legitimate congressional oversight requests.
Our end-of-year fundraising deadline is quickly approaching and we need your help to reach our goal in order to make the investments in Iowa necessary to win. With just days until the caucus, we need every dollar we can get. Chip in today:
Donald Trump is a threat to the future of our planet. Over the last year, he has rolled back regulations on: - Methane leaks - Auto pollution - Clean water protections - Endangered species protections We have to get him out of the White House.
This is a big victory in the fight for voting rights. We should be making voting easier not harder and ensure every American can make their voice heard at the ballot box.
Next year the American people will decide who we are as a nation and, perhaps even more importantly, who we want to be. We are so much better than who President Donald Trump thinks we are.
Jill and I would like to send our best wishes to everyone celebrating Kwanzaa. Today is the start to a seven-day reflection on the rich heritage of African-American culture, remembering the seven principles.
Donald Trump is cutting food assistance for people, but somehow found $1.4 billion for his sham of a border wall. This administration is morally bankrupt.
When we say Merry Christmas from the entire Biden family, that means even the
May your time with loved ones be full of peace, laughter, and joy. Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays. With love, from my family to
Hope you all are having as much fun this holiday as I did answering these
There is no denying the existential threat of climate change and time is running out to address it. If we give Donald Trump another four years in the White House, our planet may never recover.
Its simple: companies should have to compete for workers just like they compete for customers. We should get rid of non-compete clauses and no-poaching agreements that do nothing but suppress wages.
Our firefighters work tirelessly to make our communities safer, better places to live. We need a president who supports them and rewards work, not
We cant let the scourge of gun violence tear our communities apart any longer. We need to take on the NRA and pass common-sense reforms to end our gun violence epidemic.
Donald Trump should release his taxes or shut up about
After the most corrupt administration in modern American history, the next president faces a big task: restoring faith in American government. We must root out corruption and ensure our government works for the people not the powerful.
We are in a battle for the soul of this nation. We cant sit by while hate crimes surge fueled by a president who fans the flames of white nationalism. Its up to all of us to reject intolerance in all its forms and give hate no safe harbor.
. DrBiden and I send our warm wishes to everyone celebrating Hanukkah in the United States and around the world. Chag Sameach!
America's farmers are being undermined by Trump's broken promises. No one knows that better than Iowa. We need a president who will keep his word.
If Donald Trump ever makes you feel like this, chip in $5 to help us get him out of the White House:
Ive dedicated my life to public service. We need a president who honors that
Michael Cohen Michael Flynn Rick Gates Paul Manafort George Papadopoulos Roger Stone Donald Trump has surrounded himself with people who flout our laws we shouldnt be surprised that he thinks he is above the law. We deserve better as a country.
If anyone has reason to be angry with Republicans, its me. I have no love for them after the way theyve attacked me and my family. But we have to unite this country and get things
TJ: Stay strong Me, Jill, and the whole Biden family are with you. Not just in spirit for anything. You have the right attitude. You are going to beat this and when you do, we are going to be there to celebrate. Love you, and we're here with you.
We have to rebuild the backbone of this country the middle class. And this time, we have to ensure everyone comes
I dont care whether youre an undocumented immigrant, an asylum seeker, or born in the US. Forcing people to choose between being reunited with their kids and risking arrest sets a new standard for cruelty. This idea is Stephen Millers. The responsibility is Trump's.
When Champ and Major go to the vet, I want them to get the best care, and for their caretakers to be paid a fair wage. marspetcareUS are standing in the way of unionization efforts at VCAPetHealth and bluepearlvet. Vet techs deserve a voice in the workplace.
It has now been nearly days. Its time for senatemajldr McConnell to do his job and bring this bill up for a vote. Lives depend on it.
Im more optimistic about our future today than I was when I got elected to the Senate as a -year-old. If we come together and act as one America, there is nothing that we cannot accomplish.
We had a great night at tonights DemDebate, and I really appreciate your support. Lets keep this momentum going if you can, chip in $5 to help fuel our campaign now:
China commits enormous human rights abuses, and denies its citizens access to basic information all while Trump looks the other way. If I am president, human rights won't be blacked out of the conversation.
We've got to level with the American people. Don't play games with them. Tell them the truth and be
If you believe we need to bring empathy back to the White House chip in $5:
I just stepped off tonight's DemDebate stage, where I discussed my bold vision for our future and how I'll deliver real change for American families. It was a great night, but now I need your help chip in $5 to keep our momentum going:
The ability to make change will come down to three things: - Who can beat Trump? - Who can help flip the Senate? - Who can turn big ideas into change? I am the best candidate on stage to do all three. DemDebate
The climate emergency presents an enormous opportunity for our nation to take action. We have to get Donald Trump out of the White House and tackle this crisis.
Lets be clear Medicare for All not only ends private health coverage, it eliminates millions of jobs, and increases taxes on the middle class.
I have long been a skeptic on Afghanistan. We must learn the lessons of the past years. It is long past time to end Americas longest war and focus on what is achievable: a narrow counterterrorism mission. DemDebate
I refuse to accept the notion that we can never get to a place where we have cooperation again. If thats the case, were dead as a country. When we cant convince them, we have to go out and beat them.
The United States and our partners make up more than half of global GDP. If we stand together, China wont be able to withstand the pressure. We should be mobilizing our allies to meet this challenge, not driving them away. DemDebate
America's commitment to Israels security must be unwavering. The Obama-Biden administration provided unprecedented levels of assistance, including for Iron Dome. But true peace and security for Israelis & Palestinians requires a two-state solution. Trump has set us back.
If anyone has reason to be angry with the Republicans and not want to cooperate it's me, the way they've attacked me, my son, my family. I have no love. But the fact is we have to be able to get things done and when we can't convince them, we go out and beat them. DemDebate
We need to restore integrity to the office of the Presidency. And it's time we got that underway.
The middle class is getting killed. % of farmers in the midwest couldnt pay their bills last year. We have to make sure the middle class has a shot, and thats why we must change this Presidency now.
The science is clear: we need action now, and we can't do it alone. As president, I will take unprecedented action at home and abroad to tackle the climate crisis head on.
My north star as president will be rebuilding the backbone of this country: the middle class. And, Im going to make sure that this time everyone comes along. DemDebate
The House carried out its constitutional duty in impeaching Donald Trump. Regardless of the outcome in the Senate, we must stay focused on doing everything we can to ensure he doesnt get elected to a second term. Join us:
Im about to step on stage for tonights DemDebate in LA. Follow along here and on TeamJoe for updates throughout the night, and tune in to PBS and CNN at PM ET to watch live!
Our children's future and the success of America stands on the shoulders of public school educators. Educators deserve to have fair wages and the resources they need to be able to do their jobs.
The defining characteristic of the Trump Administration is the abuse of power.
Joe Burrow worked hard to reach the pinnacle of college football, but he never forgot the everyday struggle of the community he came from. Joe - your humility is inspiring. Thank you for reminding us to never forget those less fortunate than us.
John Dingell was an American patriot and a selfless public servant and Debbie Dingell has carried his legacy in the House with grace and dignity. This is equally as cruel as it is pathetic, and it is beyond unconscionable that our President would behave this way.
Donald Trump failed to repeal the ACA in Congress. Now he has turned to the courts to sabotage it and is threatening protections for more than million people with pre-existing conditions in the process. We need to protect Obamacare and build on it.
President Trump abused his power, violated his oath of office, and betrayed our nation. This is a solemn moment for our country. But in the United States of America, no one is above the law not even the President.
With just days until the Iowa Caucus, we need your help to talk with voters across the country about what's at stake in this election. You can make a difference from wherever you live by going to to get involved.
Deberamos dedicar las mentes ms brillantes de Estados Unidos a resolver la epidemia de violencia armada. Estos fondos para la investigacin sobre las causas y la prevencin de la violencia armada debieron haberse otorgado hace mucho tiempo.
We have to rebuild the backbone of this country the middle class. And this time, were going to ensure that everyone comes
Hate didnt begin with Donald Trump, and it wont end with him. But this is a defining moment in our nations history. A moment where we are once again called to fight against the same forces of hate and intolerance that we've battled throughout history.
We should be dedicating Americas brightest minds to solving the gun violence epidemic. This funding for research on the causes and prevention of gun violence is long overdue.
Glad to hear UNITEHERE11 and Sodexo reached a tentative agreement that provides workers with the wages and benefits they deserve. I look forward to joining the debate tomorrow to discuss how I'll strengthen our unions and build an inclusive middle class.
It is long past time that every American has weeks of paid leave to address their own health needs or care for any of their loved ones.
It's about time that federal workers get paid parental leave. Congratulations to BrianSchatz and CarolynBMaloney for pushing this bill over the finish line in Congress.
We need a president our children can look up
Every day that Donald Trump sits in the Oval Office, he proves how morally unfit he is to lead our country. We must make him a one-term president.
. JohnKerry is a patriot who has dedicated his life to serving our country. I'm lucky to call him a friend and honored to have his
Lets call this what it is: a right-wing effort to influence our elections and make it harder for folks to vote. We have to fight these partisan attacks on our democracy and ensure everyone can make their voice heard at the ballot box.
There is no time to waste when it comes to addressing the existential threat of climate change. We need a president who is ready on day one to rally the world to meet the urgency of this
If Donald Trump is re-elected, he will fundamentally alter the character of this nation forever. We can't let that
Amazon, Netflix, General Motors, Chevron, Starbucks, and other corporations paid less in federal income taxes than you did last year. It's wrong and it needs to end. It's time corporations pay their fair share.
We must take on the NRA and get these weapons of war off our
Good news: the open enrollment deadline has been extended until December th! Head to to choose a quality, affordable health insurance plan for . GetCovered
This same poll has you losing to me by points.
I'm grateful to have the support of Birmingham Mayor Randall Woodfin. It's time we come together and remember who we are as Americans: we treat each other with dignity, we give hate no safe harbor, and we leave nobody
As president, Ill partner with American farmers to combat climate change and make U.S. agriculture the first in the world to achieve net-zero emissions all while giving farmers a new source of income in the process.
These kids and their families suffered unimaginable horror and loss. This past weekend7 years to the day of the Sandy Hook massacrethey won the state championship. They give me hope, and can teach us all a lesson about resilience in the face of tragedy.
It is within our capacity to end the gun violence epidemic. We need a president who will take on the NRA and beat them (again)
The administration should extend the deadline, plain and simple. This is personal to me. We cant let Trump sabotage Obamacare and prevent thousands of people from getting care. If you can't access and want to GetCovered, call (800) -2596.
Health care is personal for me like it is for so many Americans. Thats why Ill never stop fighting to ensure everyone has the peace of mind that comes with quality, affordable health
We gotta beat Trump next year, and well need a strong, strategic ground game run by top-notch organizers to make it happen TheDemocrats are already building it through orgcorps2020. Send in your application ASAP: OC2020
Today is the last day of Obamacare's open enrollment for coverage! Head to to find an affordable, quality plan that works best for you. GetCovered
was Alaskas warmest year on record, and its affecting vulnerable indigenous communities. As president, I promise that I will take bold action against climate change and ensure we achieve a % clean energy economy.
The Trump Administration is recklessly loosening regulations on greenhouse gas emitters. As president, Ill ensure these corporations are held accountable.
The leading Democrat opposed to impeachment is switching parties to protect Trump. The best way to beat him is to give him a well funded opponent and a strong campaign at the top of the ticket. Pitch in to me and the Democrat who will face him:
Donald Trump has presided over the most corrupt administration in modern American history.
Our teachers arent just educators theyre coaches. Theyre giving our children the confidence they need to grow, just like they did when I was a kid. If we want to invest in the future of America, it starts with supporting our
Climate change is a global crisis that requires a global response. Sign this petition if you think the United States should rejoin the Paris Agreement:
As president, Ill call for an unprecedented investment in our countrys infrastructure so the American middle class can compete and win in the global economy. Read my full plan here:
Seven years after Newtown, we have to ask ourselves: what kind of nation are we if we simply accept that kids learn active shooter drills with their ABCs? We can defeat the NRA. And we'll use every tool of our democracy to do it.
Donald Trump doesnt know who we are as a country. Were a nation of immigrants and our diversity has always been our biggest
There is enormous opportunity once we get Donald Trump out of the White House. My administration will tackle the climate emergency head-on and create million jobs to power the clean energy economy of the future.
I won't be crossing a picket line. Weve got to stand together with UniteHere11 for affordable health care and fair wages. A job is about more than just a paycheck. It's about dignity.
The right to vote is the most sacred American right there is and we can protect it by restoring the Voting Rights Act, stopping foreign interference in our elections, fighting back against gerrymandering and calling for automatic voter registration. LetUsVoteFL
Tom Joyner is like no other. TJMShow and his presence in the community were legendary, and his work on HBCUs will make a difference for generations. Tom made millions smile and touched many lives on and off-air. 'The Fly Jock' is an undisputed legend.
There is no time to waste when it comes to addressing the climate emergency. On day one, Ill take bold action to unleash the power of renewable energy and put us on course to become a % clean energy economy with net-zero emissions by .
I applaud the Senate's landmark legislation formally recognizing the Armenian Genocide. If we don't fully acknowledge the past, never again loses its meaning. The facts must be as clear and as powerful for future generations as for those whose memories are seared by tragedy.
President Trump continues to deny the scientific evidence in front of his own eyes and were all paying the price. We must get him out of the White House and treat climate change like the existential threat it
We must restore our nation's commitment to humane and effective immigration policies. As president, I'll provide a fair and just system that helps to grow and enhance our economy, and secure our cherished values.
The one truly sacred obligation our government has is to properly train and equip the men and women who defend our nation at war and to care for them and their familieswhile theyre deployed, and after they come home. We need a president who will honor that
What kind of president bullies a teenager? realDonaldTrump, you could learn a few things from Greta on what it means to be a leader.
Give it a rest, man.
Trumps reckless decision to withdraw from the Paris Agreement has put our ability to confront the climate crisis in jeopardy. It proves he doesnt have any idea of what were up against, despite indisputable evidence. And it again confirms that he's incapable of real leadership.
Ill rejoin the Paris Agreement on day oneand rally the world to push our progress further and faster. Its time to put an end to Trumps shameful abdication of leadership. The future of our country and the world our children and grandchildren inherit hangs in the balance.
The first and most important part of my climate change plan: beating Donald
We are so much better than who Donald Trump thinks we are we cannot let him define us as a nation.
We must take urgent action to end Donald Trumps draconian immigration policies. In my first days, we will: - End his inhumane asylum policies - End wasteful efforts to build a wall - Reverse Muslim bans - Reverse his public charge rule - Protect Dreamers & TPS holders
Trump has bullied our neighbors in Central America and abandoned U.S. leadership in the region. As president, I'll renew a robust commitment to U.S. leadership and pursue a comprehensive strategy of support for Central America:
You shouldnt be forced to give up the health insurance and benefits that you fought for.
Our gun laws make these hate-filled attacks even more deadly. We must pass common-sense reforms to keep guns out of dangerous hands and work to end our gun violence epidemic.
. DrBiden and I are keeping those affected by this hate-filled attack in our hearts. We cannot be silent in the face of anti-Semitism. We are in a battle for the soul of this nation and it's up to all of us to stand up to bigotry and to give hate no safe harbor.
Being a nation of immigrants has always been one of our greatest strengths. Our diversity makes us stronger. Donald Trump doesn't get that we need a president who
Immigration has always made us strongerits essential to who we are. But Donald Trump has waged an assault on our values as a nation of immigrants. As president, I'll undo Trumps damage and put our values back at the heart of our immigration system:
. GretaThunbergs passion and courage have inspired millions and sparked a youth-led movement for change in every corner of the globe. This honor is well-deserved and serves as a reminder of the urgent, drastic action we must take to address the climate crisis.
Folks are coming together across the country to host watch parties for next week's Democratic debate! Head to to sign up to host one in your community.
We can't afford four more years of a president who denies the scientific evidence in front of his eyes. We must get Trump out of the White House and treat climate change like the existential threat it is.
President Trump is leading the most corrupt administration in modern American history. At every turn, he has used the power of the presidency to benefit his own personal interests. It has got to end. I'll ensure our government works for all Americans not just the powerful.
My team and I are going to pick one lucky person to come out and join me for dinner (and ice cream) on the campaign trail! Time is running out to enter the contest chip in today for your chance to win:
With just two months until the Iowa Caucus, we embarked on an eight-day, county NoMalarkey barnstorm across the state. Folks are fired up to defeat Donald Trump and take back this
Couldnt have said it better than Chief Acevedo: Youre either here for women and children and our daughters and our sisters and our aunts or youre here for the NRA.
We shouldnt have to live in fear of President Trumps erratic, impulsive
Yesterday, on the eve of HumanRightsDay, Trump again coddled a dictatorblocking a UN meeting on North Korean human rights, betraying our values. Trump continues to side with the brutal Kim Jong Un regime at the expense of American leadership, our allies, and our security.
. DrBiden and I join communities around the world in marking HumanRightsDay. This day is a time of reflection and recommitment to the notion that all human beings are equal in dignity and rights.
Its been just two months since John Deere laid off workers in the Quad Cities in part because of President Trumps reckless trade warand now, a second round of layoffs is expected in the same community. Trumps failed policies are destroying American jobs.
thats how many Americans have died from gun violence so far this year. We cannot go on like this any longer. We must take action to end our gun violence epidemic.
Donald Trump is erratic, unstable, and dangerously incompetent. Every day that he directs our national security is a dangerous day for the United
We can make Donald Trump a one-term president and take back this country but we cannot do it without your help. Join our team today and lets get to work:
No matter where you start in life, there should be no limit to what you can achieve. Weve got to rebuild the middle class and this time, make sure everyone comes along.
Educators deserve a partner in the White House. As president, I will support our educators by giving them the pay and dignity they deserve. Learn more about my plan for educators, students, and our future:
Prescription drug companies are profiteering off the pocketbooks of sick individuals its wrong. As president, I will stand up to the abuse of power by drug corporations and put an end to runaway drug prices. Read my full plan here:
It is our moral responsibility to end gender-based violence. And as president, I will lead the global effort to end sexual violence. Days
We cannot go on denying the devastating effects of climate change we must choose science over fiction. As president, I will address this grave threat and lead the world in addressing the climate emergency.
It is within our grasp to end our gun violence epidemic. As president, I will hold gun manufacturers accountable, get weapons of war off our streets, and keep guns out of dangerous hands. Read my full plan:
. DrBiden and I send our deepest condolences to the family, friends, and colleagues of former Iowa congressman and statesman, Berkley Bedell. Congressman Bedells legacy will be remembered as the epitome of public service. Iowa is a better place because he served there.
Im glad the Senate passed the FUTUREAct to permanently fund historically black colleges and universities, and other minority-serving institutions. Ill invest $70 billion in these institutions to improve affordability, build new facilities, and support student success.
We cannot stand by and let Donald Trump destroy the character of our nation. We must make him a one-term president.
Today, we remember Pearl Harbor and those we lost like Seaman Roy Powers and Seaman Jimmy Palides who we honored today in Oelwein, Iowa. Its an opportunity to reflect on all our veterans sacrifices, and recommit to ensuring they receive the care they have
Marge turns soon, so I asked her about her secret to
We have a Secretary of Education who doesn't value our public schools, an EPA Administrator who doesnt believe that climate change is an existential threat, and an Attorney General who puts the selfish interests of the President ahead of the American people. We deserve better.
It's the final day of the NoMalarkey barnstorm, but the enthusiasm weve seen could make a big difference in the next few weeks before the Iowa Caucus. We need your help to keep this momentum goingcontribute today to keep fueling our efforts:
House Democrats have passed legislation to: - Enact universal background checks - Reauthorize VAWA Its time for senatemajldr McConnell to do his job and bring these bills up for a vote.
Couldn't have said it better myself! Im honored to have JohnKerry join me for the NoMalarkey
We deserve to know what Donald Trump is hiding.
Today, House Democrats led the way by passing a bill to restore the Voting Rights Act. All but one Republican voted against it. Shameful. Strengthening our democracy should not be a partisan issue. HR4 RestoreTheVote
The Voting Rights Act used to be one of our best tools to fight state laws designed to suppress the vote particularly the votes of people of color. Then it was gutted by the Supreme Court, and Congressional Republicans have refused a legislative fix.
Im so proud and so humbled to have JohnKerry's support. He is an American hero, statesman, visionary, and friend. His endorsement and partnership mean the world to
I'm proud to stand with SEIU1984 and NHs state employees as they fight for fair wages Governor Sununu cannot shortchange workers with a contract that doesn't fairly compensate them. UnionsForAll NHPolitics
. DrBiden and I send our prayers to those affected by today's tragic shooting at Naval Air Station Pensacola. We're grateful for the brave first responders who rushed to the scene and selflessly risked their lives to save others.
A job is about a lot more than a paycheck. Its about dignity. Its about being able to look your kid in the eye and say everything is going to be okayand mean it. Too many people today cant do that. We have to rebuild an inclusive middle class and restore the dignity of work.
This administration is morally bankrupt.
We need a president who is respected on the world
Congratulations AFLCIO on years of empowering workers to bargain for what they deserve. The -hour workweek, paid leave, health care protections, a voice in your workplace safety its all because of unions. Its time we recognize that.
Nuestro presidente debera ser capaz de cumplir con una prueba simple: entender que los puertorriqueos son ciudadanos americanos y que tienen derecho a, y merecen, el mismo apoyo del gobierno de los Estados Unidos que todos los dems ciudadanos.
Our president should be able to meet a simple test: understanding that Puerto Ricans are American citizens, and that they are entitled toand deservethe same support from the United States government as every citizen. Donald Trump has failed that test.
DREAMers are Americans and its time we make it official. We must keep our promise to them and provide a pathway to
President Trump continues to embarrass us on the world stage. We need a president who is ready on day one to repair our global reputation and restore American leadership abroad. But I can't get to the White House without your help, chip in today:
As president, Ill make sure giant corporations and the super-wealthy pay their fair share in taxes and then invest that money in growing a stronger, more inclusive middle class.
President Trump is destroying American leadership and credibility abroad. As president, I'll rebuild a modern, agile U.S. Department of Stateinvesting in and re-empowering the finest diplomatic corps in the world.
My administration will spark the second great railroad revolution to propel our nation's infrastructure into the future and help solve the climate
The world is laughing at President Trump. They see him for what he really is: dangerously incompetent and incapable of world leadership. We cannot give him four more years as commander in
Take a look inside the NoMalarkey bus with my favorite road trip partner,
We are in a battle for the soul of America. Its time we come together, remember who we are, and take this country back.
Nearly in women worldwide are subjected to physical violence, rape or stalking by a partner at some point in their lives. As president, Ill tackle this epidemic head-on, and work to end violence against women. Days
The Trump Administration's 'Infrastructure Weeks' have been a bunch of malarkey. As president, I'll make a transformational investment in our nation's infrastructure and future.
I applaud Monday's sentences against seven of the men found guilty of killing Honduran environmental leader Berta Caceres. Environmentalists and human rights activists should not have to fear for their lives. JusticeForBerta
Every worker deserves fair wages, good benefits, and protections from sexual harassment. Im proud to stand in solidarity with hgsuuaw. I urge the university to negotiate in good faith to secure a fair contract with good health care benefits.
Im running for president to restore the soul of this nation, rebuild a more inclusive middle class, and unite all Americans. If youre with me, let me know by chipping in to our campaign today:
Kamala Harris is an incredible talent with unlimited potential. Her career has been defined by taking on those who abuse power and seeking equity and justice for all people. Her intellect and insight will continue to be needed by the Democratic Party and the country.
Everyone deserves the peace of mind that comes with quality, affordable health care. My administration will give people the choice between their existing plan and a Medicare-like public option. Its the most effective way to achieve universal coverage.
Confirmed: true.
In the United States of America, we leave nobody behind no matter your race, gender, religion, sexual orientation, or disability. We need a president who understands
If we dont take urgent action to address the climate emergency, our planet may never recover. We must get the climate change denier out of the White House and tackle this crisis head-on.
My team and I are going to pick someone to fly out to come meet me on the trail and share a meal, all expenses on us. And yes, we can have ice cream for dessert! Time is running out to enter chip in for your chance to win:
We must get these weapons of war out of our communities.
Ive always believed we are strongest when we act as one America. If we come together and unite this country, there is nothing that we cannot accomplish. If you agree, join our team today:
. GovernorBullock and I have always agreed on a central tenet of his campaign: every American deserves a fair shot. He has served Montana well and will continue to do so with fairness and strength. Thank you, Governor.
Meet Richard. Find out why he, like millions of Americans, supports protecting and expanding
American leadership has served as the backbone of NATO since its founding years ago until President Trump. His abdication of Americas traditional leadership role could not come at a more critical moment for the alliance.
years ago today, Rosa Parks' courageous act forever changed our country and the course of history. We must continue to follow her brave example and speak out against injustice, wherever it is found.
Were officially on the road for our eight-day NoMalarkey Tour across Iowa!
Congressman and former Admiral JoeSestak has served his country bravely for decades. He ran his campaign with the same standards of strength and respect he has held his entire life. Thank you for your service.
Every voter counts. We need a president who is ready to listen to every
Over the last years, the fight against HIV has taught us to be big-hearted; to follow the science; to treat everyone with dignity and respect, and to protect the human rights of all who walk this planet. WorldAIDSDay
Eight years of Donald Trump will fundamentally alter the character of our nation. We cannot let that happen. We must make him a one-term president.
It's clear who President Trump works for. His administration prioritized giant tax cuts for the super-wealthy and corporations meanwhile, they've attacked food assistance every chance they've gotten. Its heartless. No one should go hungry in America.
Fired up and ready to go for the NoMalarkey barnstorm!
Jill and I would like to extend our greetings to those celebrating the Hmong New Year. Wishing you joyous, colorful celebrations throughout the country filled with music, quality time with family, and all blessings for new beginnings Nyob Zoo Xyoo Tshiab!
years ago, I fought to get the Brady Handgun Violence Prevention Act passed and established the background check system that has kept guns out of the hands of so many dangerous individuals. Ive taken on the NRA and beaten them twice. As president, Ill do it again.
Today, and every day, I encourage you to shop locally and support the folks in your community working hard every day.
Im incredibly thankful for the supportive members of TeamJoe across the country working hard every day for our campaign. Id love to know what youre thankful for. Share your story here:
Every single community should have access to clean, safe drinking water. Period. As president, I will stand up to the abuse of power by polluters who disproportionately harm communities of color and low-income communities.
It's time we start rewarding work, not just wealth. As president, I'll reverse Trump's tax cuts for the super-wealthy and build a stronger, more inclusive middle class.
Tomorrow, were kicking off our eight-day, county No Malarkey barnstorm across Iowa! Id love to see you there. Head to to find an event in your
Not a joke, folks. To celebrate Black Friday were giving you an extra % off our TeamJoe gear! Head to and use the code BlackFridayDeal to receive your
I believe in redemption. As president, Ill ensure that those who were formerly incarcerated have the opportunity to fully reintegrate into society, earn a good living, and participate in our democracy as our fellow citizens. Read my full plan here:
Jill and I greatly admire the work of NobelPrize laureate DenisMukwege and PanziHospital for raising awareness and caring for survivors of sexual violence in eastern Congo. We must end impunity for perpetrators. Days
Thank you JeanneShaheen for leading the fight to ensure that women veterans have the resources they need to be safe from violence. One of my top priorities as president will be to renew and expand VAWA including passing this bill.
We have so much to be thankful for today and every day. Happy Thanksgiving to those serving overseas who cant be home with family, and to Americans in every corner of the country. We hope your day is filled with family and friends, laughter, and
Ive dedicated my life to public service. We need a president who is ready on day
The effects of climate change are devastating, and we must take action. My bold plan will ensure the U.S leads the world to address the climate emergency.
Many of those seeking asylum on our southern border are fleeing horrific forms of gender-based violence. As president, I will restore asylum status for domestic violence survivors & spearhead an initiative to end violence against women and girls in Central America. Days
Obamacare provided protections to over million Americans with pre-existing conditions. It was a huge step forward, but we cant stop there. Ill protect and build on Obamacare to ensure every American has the peace of mind that comes with quality, affordable health care.
We cannot let President Trump define who we are as a nation. America is hopeful and inclusive we give hate no safe harbor and leave no one behind. We are everything that Donald Trump is
Weve got to build a stronger, more inclusive middle class. That starts by strengthening public and private sector unions because all workers should be empowered to bargain for what they deserve. Read my full plan:
Its not enough to wish the world was better we have to make it so. That belief has guided my life as it has Rev. Dr. Frantz Whitfield's. Hes a pillar of Iowa's faith community, and Im grateful to have his
Prescription drug corporations are profiteering off of the pocketbooks of sick individuals its wrong. Its time to stand up to this abuse of power and Im ready to take on the battle as president. Read my plan:
I'd love to, but it's right before the New Hampshire primary I'll be busy talking to voters about how I'm going to beat Donald Trump. Come join me! You can sign up to join our team here:
Its going to take all hands on deck to reach our end of month goal Id really appreciate your help. Chip in what you can:
Americas farmers deserve
The next president will face the enormous challenge of picking up the pieces of America's broken foreign policy under President Trump. Theres no time for on-the-job training. We need a leader who is ready on day
South Carolinas Social Security number requirement is an unnecessary burden that discourages folks from participating in our political process. It's wrong and should be reversed. We should be making voting easier not harder.
I'm incredibly honored to have the endorsement of Tom and Christie Vilsack. I know with their support, we can win the Iowa caucus, earn the nomination, and beat Donald Trump next
The American people are still waiting to see your tax returns, realDonaldTrump. What are you hiding?
We must get Donald Trump out of the White House. Once we do, we can: - Combat climate change - Rebuild a more inclusive middle class - Protect and build on Obamacare - Ensure our government works for all Americans not just the powerful
I promise you that DrBiden and I will be the best partners and fiercest advocates in the White House for Americas educators and
One of my favorite parts of being on the campaign trail is meeting folks across the country and hearing their stories. That's why I want to sit down and have dinner with youand yes, we can have ice cream for dessert! Chip in for your chance to win:
We need to face the facts on climate change: its already here and it poses an existential threat to our future. There is no time to waste. On day one, Ill take the bold action necessary to protect our planet for future generations.
. realDonaldTrump, you're a serial liar and the most corrupt president in modern American history. I can hardly wait to take you
Today, I join leaders and activists around the world in recommitting to ending violence against women everywhere. Donald Trump has undermined American leadership I'll restore it, and work to address gender-based violence in all its forms. IDEVAW
Our students and educators cannot afford four more years of Donald Trump and Betsy DeVos.
Its time we remember who we are as Americans: we treat each other with dignity, we leave nobody behind, and we give hate no safe harbor.
Weapons of war have no place in our communities. Ive successfully taken on the NRA to ban assault weapons and high-capacity magazines before, and Ill do it again in the White House.
Im running for president to build an inclusive middle class where everyone comes along regardless of race, gender, religion, ethnicity, sexual orientation, or disability.
Four more years of Donald Trump will fundamentally alter the character of this nation. We cannot stand by and watch that happen.
Health care is one of the biggest issues in this election. As president, I will ensure health care is a right, not a privilege and give everyone the peace of mind they deserve. Read my full plan:
Climate change is an existential threat to our planet we must take action. As president, not only will I recommit us to the Paris Agreement Ill lead the world to up the ante in addressing our climate emergency.
Thank you Tom and Christie Vilsack for your support. Together, we will win Iowa and move this country
Our hearts go out to the families of Iranian protesters who were killed this past week. Iranians, like people everywhere, have a right to protest peacefully without being brutally attacked by their own government and having the internet shut down for days. The world is watching.
The Trump Administrations Infrastructure Weeks are a joke but our crumbling roads and bridges are not. We need a transformational investment in Americas infrastructure and future:
Donald Trump is the most corrupt president in modern American history. He has to go. If you agree, chip in $5 to help us make him a one-term president:
Were officially on the ballot in South Carolina!
This election is about who we are and who we want to be. I believe we are a nation that welcomes those fleeing persecution and seeking asylum not a nation that turns our back on them.
Corruption is Donald Trumps middle name.
We need to build an economy that reflects our values. My administration will reverse the Trump tax cuts for the super-wealthy and corporations. We'll then use that money to build a stronger, more inclusive middle class.
Obamacare was and is a big deal. It saved lives and gave millions peace of mind. We cannot afford to tear it down and start over we should protect and build on it.
Its clear that Donald Trump has abused the power of the presidency. Full stop. He is the most corrupt president in modern American history.
Campbell is an incredible young man, and Im proud to have played a small part in his
We had a great night at the DemDebate, but we need your help to keep this momentum going. Chip in $5 now:
Get ready Iowa, I'm heading your way for an eight-day, county No Malarkey barnstorm! Find an event near you:
The White House is not a place for on-the-job training. I'll be ready on day one.
Lets keep the momentum from tonights DemDebate going. If youre on TeamJoe, chip in $5:
We have to speak out, and speak loudly, about violations of human rights.
This is the United States of America. There is not a single thing we have not been able to accomplish once we set our minds to it. Let's take back this country and lead the world again.
I just stepped off the DemDebate stage, where I laid out my bold vision for our future and what's possible if we unite this country. If I made you proud tonight, can you chip in $5 to help power our campaign:
Thats all we have! Thanks for tagging along for tonights DemDebate. Make sure to follow TeamJoe to stay up-to-date on everything happening on the campaign.
We have to fundamentally change the culture of how women are treated in this country.
Roe v. Wade is the law of the land. Period. As president, Joe Biden will stand up to attacks on a womans constitutional right to choose and enshrine Roe into federal law. DemDebate
'In the United States Senate, I passed more major legislation than everybody on this stage combined.'
Over the last few days, there has been a lot of misinformation on where Joe Biden stands when it comes to our marijuana laws. Read the facts below.
years ago Joe Biden led the fight to pass the Violence Against Women Act and as president hes going to build on it. DemDebate
'It's the Attorney General of the United States not the president's private attorney.'
Joe will take on changing the culture on our college campuses that enables sexual violence, building on the ItsOnUs effort he started with President Obama. DemDebate
Human rights should be at the core of our engagement with the world--not the periphery. As president, Joe Biden will hold accountable Saudi Arabia, China, and every nation that violates the human rights of their citizens. DemDebate
Under President Trump, the North Korean nuclear threat is getting worse, not better. As President, Joe Biden will coordinate closely with our allies and hold China accountable for not putting pressure on North Korea. He'll see Kim Jong Un for what he is a ruthless tyrant.
More than anything, we need a president who can deliver on climate change. Joe Biden has a proven record of bringing people together to achieve real, lasting solutions at home and abroad. DemDebate
Its not who we are. We are better than this.
Joe Biden is a statesman with decades of experience on the world stage who can repair our relationships around the world and is ready to command our armed forces on day one. DemDebate
The next president will face a monumental task cleaning up Trump's mess. Joe Biden is the best candidate on the debate stage to immediately get to work restoring Americas place in the world. Because hes done it before. DemDebate
Joe Bidens health care plan will offer a new choice for Americans: keep your private insurance or choose a public option like Medicare.
In a Biden Administration, plans with lower deductibles will become more affordable, coverage will be extended to more Americans, and the roughly million low-income Americans who were denied Medicaid by their governors and/or state legislatures will finally gain coverage.
Lets lay out the facts: More Americans prefer a public option over Medicare for All.
Joe Biden has the quickest, most effective plan to achieve universal health care coverage - at /30th the cost of Medicare for All. And, he doesnt get rid of employer-based health care. DemDebate
We are fired up and ready for Joe to take the stage at tonights DemDebate!
Hey folks, its TeamJoe here! Well be taking over Joes account tonight to keep you updated on all things DemDebate. Grab some ice cream and follow along!
Im about to take the stage for tonights DemDebate, so Im passing the account over to my team. Theyll keep you in the loop throughout the night on everything happening. Follow along here and on TeamJoe for updates. Tune in to MSNBC at PM ET to watch live!
The fight ahead of us is about more than just having plans. Its about repairing our souland it will take someone with the proven ability to bring people together. I've done it beforeand at tonight's DemDebate, I'm going to show you why I'm the best candidate to do it again.
When I talk about the soul of this nationIm talking about the values America stands for on the world stage. Values that have been tarnished by Trump. Im the only one on tonight's stage ready to rebuild our global reputation and restore our moral leadership on day one.
When I talk about the soul of this nationIm talking about the responsibility we have to our children to take on the threat of climate change. Im the only one on tonights stage who helped secure the Paris Agreement and the largest-ever U.S. investment in clean energy.
When I talk about the soul of this nationIm talking about a country where we can look our kids in the eye and tell them: You will be safe at school. Im the only one on tonights stage who has taken on the NRA and won twiceand I cant wait to do it again.
When I talk about the soul of this nationIm talking about a country where no one has to worry about whether they can afford health care. I fought like hell to get Obamacare passed and Im the only one on tonights stage who has led a transformation of our health care system.
This election is about the soul of our nationand Donald Trump is poison to our soul. He has no regard for our Constitution and violates everything we stand for. Its not hyperbole to say that this is about saving America. We have to decide who we are and who we want to be.
I give you my word as a Biden: I will never stoop to President Trump's
I am deeply disturbed by the news coming out of my law school alma mater, Syracuse University. We are truly in a battle for the soul of this nation, and it requires all of us to stand up together as a country against racism and bigotry. We must give hate no safe harbor.
On this Transgender Day of Remembrance, we honor the memory of those weve lostat least trans and gender non-conforming people killed this yearand recommit to ridding this hate-filled violence from our society. Everyone deserves to live open and proud and free without fear.
Something is wrong in America when the average Latina makes just over half what the average non-Latino white man makes. Donald Trump has undone much of what we did in the White House to fix the gender pay gap. When I'm president, I'll work to right that wrong. LatinaEqualPayDay
This election is about the soul of our nation and Donald Trump is poison to our soul.
I know we can beat Donald Trump in but we cant do it without your help. Were relying on grassroots donors like you to power this campaign and get our country back on track. Chip in today to help us meet our November fundraising goal:
What he
We know in our bones this election is different. If we give Donald Trump eight years in the White House, he will forever alter the character of our nation. We cannot let that happen. We must make Trump a one-term
The energy at the NVDems First in the West event was incredible. Folks are fired up to take back our country and make Donald Trump a one-term president. If youre fired up too, join our campaign today and lets get to work:
It has now been days. How many more senseless shootings must occur before Senate Republicans take action? Enough is enough.
There is a lot of talk out there on where I stand when it comes to our marijuana laws. Here are the
Ive witnessed the heroism of firefighters firsthand selflessly rushing into danger to help others. They represent the best of our country. DrBiden and I send our condolences to the loved ones of Worcester Fire Lt. Jason Menard for their loss.
Sunday night in a backyard. Monday morning at a store. We must do everything in our power to end this gun violence epidemic because we cannot go on like this any longer. Our hearts go out to those affected by these senseless tragedies.
Im inspired by the strength and resilience of Chrissy and survivors across the country, and proud of the change the Violence Against Women Act created, but we still have further to go. Today, I released my plan to build on VAWA:
Chinas internment of nearly one million Uighur Muslims is among the worst abuses of human rights in the world today. The U.S. cannot be silent we must speak out against this oppression and relentlessly defend human rights around the world.
Ive spent my entire career fighting the abuse of power. Thats what motivated me to write & champion the Violence Against Women Act. The law helped change our culturebut theres more work to do. Today, Im releasing my plan to end violence against women:
Corporations need to pay their fair share in taxes. Ill reverse Trumps giveaway to the super-wealthy and corporations because its time we reward work, not just wealth.
I know if we come together and stand united as a nation - anything is
At the CNN Town Hall, I was asked what changes in American society Im proudest of. Heres what I had to
Im running for president to rebuild the backbone of this country the middle class. And this time, we have to bring everyone along regardless of race, gender, religion, sexual orientation, or disability.
The American people deserve to know what the most corrupt president in modern history is hiding in his tax returns.
Trump's intervention in the American military justice system to pardon service members accused or convicted of war crimes betrays the rule of law, the values that make our country exceptional & the men and women who wear the uniform honorably. He is not fit to command our troops.
The Foreign Service Officers who testified this week represent the best of America. They deserve our support & thanks for their work to advance American interests, not the scorn & harassment they get from the President. Every day, Donald Trump reminds us he's unfit to serve.
My favorite part of running for president is talking with people about their lives. So my team and I are going to pick someone to fly out to come meet me on the trail and share a meal, all expenses on us. If you want to grab dinner, chip in today:
America is more equal because of Chief Justice Mark Cady. His landmark decision brought marriage equality to Iowa and pushed our nation closer to our highest ideals. DrBiden and I send our condolences to his loved ones. His integrity and commitment to justice will be missed.
I am deeply concerned about the unjust detainment of Jose Daniel Ferrer, a voice for change in Cuba, by the Cuban government. Ferrer must be released at once.
Two elections. Zero criminal
Every loss is different, but I've found that the way you can overcome enormous tragedy in your life is by finding purpose in your
President Trump continues to undermine registered apprenticeshipsprograms that provide a path to the middle class & a good union job. As president, I will work to save these important programs & ensure every American has the skills they need to get ahead. SaveApprenticeshipWeek
We need more than thoughts and prayers. We need action. We have to protect our kids. Now.
I'm proud to support LREAintheRock and those fighting to ensure every child has access to the quality education they deserve.
Couldn't have said it better
I believe these impeachment hearings will conclude that Donald Trump is a threat to our national security. Every day he sits in the Oval Office is a dangerous day for the U.S. If you agree, chip in to help us make Donald Trump a one-term president:
If we dont get Donald Trump out of the White House and take urgent, drastic action to address the climate emergency, our planet may never recover.
We have to heal the divisions in this country. If we come together and act as one America, there is nothing that we cannot
. realDonaldTrump, release your taxes or shut up about corruption.
This ugly ideology has no place in Americait is both offensive and dangerous that it has taken root in the White House. Stephen Miller must go now. Then we must ensure Trump is shown the door in and that his hateful ideology never again is given a voice in the Oval Office.
We are in a battle for the soul of this nation. Weve always known that Donald Trumps cruel immigration policies are a violation of our core American values. Now we know the architect of those policies has embraced and fanned the ugly flames of white nationalism.
We will beat the NRA. We will pass common-sense reforms. We must end our gun violence epidemic.
Can you chip in five dollars to ensure our volunteers have the materials they need to talk with voters? Donate here:
I love you too, California!
If you like your private health insurance plan, you shouldnt be forced to give it up. If you don't like it, you should be able to buy into a Medicare-like public option. That's the choice I will give Americans as
Another school shooting. How long will we go on like this? No kid should fear their safety in school & no parent should worry whether their kid will come home. Our hearts go out to Santa Clarita, but prayers aren't enough. We need real gun reform to make our schools safer.
President Trump campaigned on repairing our nations crumbling infrastructure. But after countless Infrastructure Weeks, he has failed to deliver results. It has to change. Today, I'm calling for a transformational investment in our nation's future:
The Affordable Care Act An assault weapons ban The Violence Against Women Act There is no one in this race who has a stronger record of passing important, consequential legislation than I do. I know what it takes to get the job done.
The American people deserve to know what Donald Trump is hiding in his tax returns.
We cannot turn a blind eye to the atrocities President Trump continues to carry out at the border. This is not who we are.
I will always choose hope over
You shouldn't be forced to give up the health insurance and benefits that you fought for. Under my plan, you will be able to keep
This decision puts the health of the American people at risk its unacceptable. We must get Donald Trump out of the White House and choose science over fiction once again.
First Trump gave a green light to Erdogan to ethnically cleanse Kurds who helped us defeat ISIS. Now he welcomes Erdogan with open arms and sweetheart deals. Its hard to avoid the conclusion that, once again, Trumps personal interests, not US interests, are driving his policy.
We have to lead the world by our example and make clear that human rights, civil rights, and civil liberties matter to
Every American deserves access to affordable, quality health care, and Obamacares open enrollment is happening now. If you are uninsured, want to change your plan, or know someone who needs health care, visit to
The next president will face an enormous challenge of picking up the pieces of Americas foreign policy and salvaging our reputation. I'm the only candidate in this race ready for that job on day one and top foreign policy officials agree.
Change starts at the local level I learned that firsthand as a -year-old on the New Castle County Council. On NationalRunforOfficeDay, I'm asking you to join me and run for something. There is too much at stake in to sit on the sidelines.
President Trump's erratic, impulsive decisions threaten our national security and set our world on edge. Every day that he sits in the Oval Office is a dangerous day for the United
Every worker should have the chance to join a union which bargains to ensure they get paid a living wage and have protections against sexual harassment. That's why I'm proud to stand with McDonalds workers who are striking in Detroit and across the country
Israel has a right to defend itself against terrorist threats. It is intolerable that Israeli civilians live their lives under the constant fear of rocket attacks. That's why our administration was such a strong supporter of Israel's life-saving Iron Dome.
DREAMers should be treated like the Americans that they are. It's past time for Congress to provide a pathway to citizenship and a fair shot at the American dream.
The Sandy Hook families who paid such a bitter price deserve their day in court and all American families deserve laws that protect them, and that put their children, not big gun corporations, first.
Jill and I want to extend our best wishes to our friends in the Sikh community who are observing the th anniversary of the birth of Guru Nanak Dev Ji, the founder of
DREAMers know more about what it means to be an American than you ever will.
As president, I will ensure DREAMers are recognized as the Americans they are. In the meantime, the Supreme Court should overturn Donald Trumps cruel decision so that DREAMers can continue to live fully in the only country they have ever known. Their HomeIsHere.
I just finished tonights CNN Town Hall, where I laid out my vision for our future and how Ill deliver real progress for working families. I know we can defeat Donald Trump and take back this country, but we cant do it without your help. Chip in today:
Donald Trump has violated his oath of office and betrayed our nation. He should be
At tonight's CNN Town Hall in Iowa, I laid out my bold vision for the country and why I'm the best candidate in this race to beat Donald Trump and unite our nation. If you liked what you heard, join our team and let's get to work:
Looking forward to joining ErinBurnett for tonights town hall in Iowa to discuss whats at stake in this election and why Im running for president. Tune in to CNN at PM ET to watch live.
Our veterans and their families represent the absolute best that our country has to offer. I had the honor of spending Veterans Day in Iowa with a few of
The campaign trail is always more fun when you join, DrBiden. What a great weekend in New Hampshire!
President Trump has repeatedly failed our veterans, and our sacred obligation as a nation: to properly prepare and equip our troops when we send them into harms way, and care for them and their families. As president, I will meet our sacred obligation.
We owe our veterans more than we could ever repay and its our sacred obligation to care for them and their families when they return home. Thank you to all who have served on Veterans Day and every
I understand the sleepless nights, wondering if your deployed child is safe, and all the added sacrifices military families face because their loved one chose selfless service. As president, I'll take care of our troops and their families.
Less than % of our population risks everything to protect our country the other % of us owe them more than we could ever repay.
Today, Im releasing my plan to ensure our veterans receive what they deserve: our respect and enduring gratitude, and the benefits they have earned. Read my full plan:
The most sacred obligation of our government is to do right by the men and women who defend our nation at war. Veterans Day offers us a moment to reflect on that obligation, and to recommit ourselves to all that it truly means.
Together we can, and will, make Donald Trump a one-term president.
We dont say it enough Barack Obama was a great president. And Im proud to have worked alongside
HBCUs and MSIs play a vital role in our communities. As president, Ill invest $70 billion in these institutions to improve affordability, build high tech labs and facilities, and support student success. Read my full plan:
Im running for president to restore the soul of this nation, rebuild its backbone the middle class, and unify all Americans. If youre with me, join us:
The ACA was, and is, a big deal. It took generations of presidents trying to expand health care access, and President Obama and I got it done. Ill fight tooth and nail against anyone who tries to tear it downRepublican or Democrat.
There is no denying the devastating effects climate change has on our planet we need to take action. As president, Ill lead the world in addressing the climate emergency. Read my plan at .
Thirty years ago today, the people of Berlin tore down a wall and vanquished a dictatorship. We must not forget the lessons of . The United States must reclaim its mantle as the champion of democracy. The stakes are simply too high.
Because a union fought for their private health insurance plan, Marcy and her husband were able to retire with dignity and respect. Thats why my plan to protect and build on Obamacare will give folks the option to choose whats best for
My plan to build on Obamacare will expand health care coverage and lower costs without raising taxes on the middle class. Proponents of Medicare for All can't say the same. Read my full plan:
A fresh Fall day in New Hampshire spent serving chili to our nations finest
Health care is a right. Every American should have the peace of mind that comes from access to affordable health care, and we can get there by protecting and building on Obamacare.
We have to start rewarding work, not wealth. As president, I will build a stronger, more inclusive middle class not cut taxes for the super wealthy.
Kids shouldnt have to worry about their safety while theyre at school. Together well put an end to our gun violence
This anniversary is not only a reminder of the cruelty these communities, especially Latinos, have tirelessly faced, but it is also a testament to their steadfast resilience in the face of prejudice to spark change, in California and across our country.
years ago, California approved Prop. a measure designed to strategically disenfranchise immigrant communities by stripping away access to health care and education.
President Trumps trade war is reckless, and hurting our farmers every day.
Its official were on the ballot in New Hampshire. Join us:
Every kid deserves a quality education and every family deserves to live in a safe, healthy community. That's why I support the California SchoolsAndCommunitiesFirst initiative that will make corporations pay their fair share and invest in our communities to help them thrive.
Im more optimistic about our future today than I was when I got elected to the Senate as a -year-old. If we unite this country, Americas best days still lie ahead. If you agree, chip in today:
I led the successful fight in the s to stop Jeff Sessions nomination for a federal judgeship. I hope the people of Alabama will stop him from rejoining the Senate next year.
As California continues to burn, President Trump wants to withhold critical aid and abandon our firefighters when they need our support the most. It's reckless and cruel. We must act now on climate change and support our firefighters and those affected by this
The courage and determination of folks like fred_guttenberg have turned the fight for gun safety reform from a cause to a movement. Together, we will beat the NRA and end our gun violence
Donald Trump wants to talk about corruption? Thats rich coming from the most corrupt president in modern history. Tell Trump to release his taxes or shut up about corruption:
Getting the Violence Against Women Act passed is one of the highlights of my whole career. Now Senate Republicans are refusing to reauthorize it. To all the advocates and survivors speaking out - your voice makes all the difference. It always has. So keep it up. VAWA4ALL
Weve come too far with the Affordable Care Act to tear it down and start over. Building on Obamacare with a new public option is the best way to lower costs and achieve universal coverage.
Proud to stand with the GeneralMills RWDSU members in their fight for a fair contract. Every worker deserves the dignity that comes with fair wages, good benefits, and job security.
Every day that Donald Trump sits in the Oval Office, he proves how unfit he is to lead our country. We cannot give him eight years in the White House.
Last night's results showed that Democrats can take back our country, starting with Virginia, and begin the hard work of growing a stronger, more inclusive middle class and restoring the soul of our nation. Chip in to help us take back the White House:
I'm running for president to unite this country. There's nothing we cannot do if we do it
If you have DACA status, and it expires within the year, its critical that you renew as soon as possible to protect your status until we find a permanent solution. DREAMers are Americans and its time we make it official.
Hottest summer on record: Hottest September on record: Hottest October on record: There is no time to waste. We must get Donald Trump out of the White House and address the climate emergency. The survival of our planet depends on it.
To the millions of people who get up every single day and make this country work: I see you, and I will never stop fighting for you. You are the backbone of
Congratulations to Governor-Elect AndyBeshearKY on his hard-earned victory. He has served the people of Kentucky well as attorney general the Commonwealth is in good hands with him in the governor's office.
Tonight, by voting in Democratic majorities in both chambers of the General Assembly, Virginians sent a clear, powerful message that will resonate across this nation and shake the walls of the White
The growing mountain of evidence makes one thing clear: We must impeach Donald Trump.
I have fought for the Democratic Party my whole career. Thats not something everyone in this primary can say.
Obamacare protects over million Americans with pre-existing conditions including Joe and Michelles son Matt. We cannot afford to tear it down and start over. We should protect and build on
Ten years ago today at Fort Hood. Two years ago in Sutherland Springs. In total, lives taken because of our gun violence epidemic. We must honor the memory of those we lost with concrete action on gun safety reform.
Trump's Cuba policy hurts families on & off the island. Administrations of both parties have supported family reunification, and I support DebbieforFL & DonnaShalala's work to reunite Cuban families. As president, I will reinstate the Cuban Family Reunification Parole Program.
Proud to stand with folks in Las Vegas fighting against a proposed ordinance that effectively criminalizes homelessness. Like we did in the Obama-Biden Administration, we should focus on providing housing first and work to find long-term solutions to end homelessness.
The U.S. is the strongest nation in the world not just because of the example of our power, but also because of the power of our example. Thats what has always set us apart on the world stage, and thats something Donald Trump will never understand.
Faith, hope, and dignity sound good to
Today is Election Day in Kentucky, Mississippi, New Jersey, Virginia, and cities across the nation. Your vote matters find your polling place, bring a friend, and head to the polls to make your voice heard:
years ago
days. Senatemajldr McConnell, do your job and bring the universal background check bill up for a vote.
Ive released years of my tax returns why hasnt President Trump? He should release his taxes or shut up about corruption.
As the climate crisis worsens each day and California burns and Iowa floods, Trump continues to abandon science and our international leadership. He just notified the United Nations of our official withdrawal from the Paris Agreement. It's shameful.
President Trump has turned his back on those he promised to help. He thinks hes being tough with his trade war, but hes really being reckless. And American workers are paying the price. I will ensure our policies put American workers first.
A country that ignores the threat to the very survival of this planet isnt just troubled its morally bankrupt. We must get the climate change denier out of the White House and take urgent action to address the climate emergency.
Is anyone surprised that all it takes is a $100 saw to breach Trumps wall? This whole exercise was a stunt and a sham from the beginning. The only thing the wall has succeeded in doing is tarnishing the image of our nation in the eyes of the world.
This is a dangerous decision by the Trump Administration. We should be strengthening our clean water protections and holding polluters accountable for their actions not loosening restrictions on toxic waste.
This Tuesday, we have the opportunity to set an example for the nation and turn the Virginia state legislature blue. But only if everyone turns out to vote:
days until the New Hampshire primary. One year until Election Day . Theres no time to waste, chip in $5 now to help us make Donald Trump a one-term president:
In a Biden administration, we will lower health care costs and achieve universal coverage and we will do it without raising taxes on the middle class.
President Trump's decision to close America's doors to refugees fleeing persecution is cruel and shortsighted. As president, I will restore America's historic commitment to welcoming those whose lives are threatened by conflict and crisis.
With just days until the New Hampshire primary, we need your help to grow our grassroots team and talk with voters in every corner of the Granite State. Join us:
In one year, we will give Trump a nickname of his own: Former President Donald Trump.
We have one year to determine the mark Donald Trump will leave on our country. There's too much at stake to take the next year for granted. We must work together to take back the White House, win the Senate, hold the House and elect Democrats down the ballot. OneYearOneTeam
Progress is bringing people together to get real results. Its not accusing someone of being a Republican because they dont share your approach to achieving universal health care. I know what it takes to get things done. I fought to pass Obamacare I will fight to build on it.
The greed of drug companies fueled the opioid epidemic that has ravaged communities in every corner of the country. Its time we hold pharmaceutical companies accountable.
Our military deserves a commander-in-chief who ensures they have what they need when we send them into harm's way. Donald Trump betrays this sacred obligation. By abandoning partners who risk everything to stand at our side, Trump makes every future mission harder for our troops.
No American should be denied shelter, medical care, or critical services because of who they are or who they love. As president, I will reverse these cruel and discriminatory acts from realDonaldTrump and mike_pence, and I'll start by signing the Equality Act into law.
The majority of middle class Americans don't think their kids will have the same standard of living they have that's never happened before. Under my administration, every American will have a fighting
Once Donald Trump is out of the way, there is nothing we cant
It all starts in Iowa, on February rd. Together, we're going to take this nation back from Donald
First thing I will do as president is rejoin the Paris Climate Accord and rally the world to push our progress further and faster.
We can ensure every American has access to the quality, affordable health care they need and we can do it without taxing the middle class.
We must get Donald Trump out of office. Once we do, the road is clear for significant change.
The TeamJoe energy at tonights LJ19 Celebration was incredible. With just days until the Iowa Caucus, we need your help to build the strongest campaign possible. Chip in $5 today:
Im about to take the stage at LJ19 to discuss my bold vision for our nation and how well beat Donald Trump. Tune in now:
Fired up for
Together, we will win Iowa, win this nomination, and beat Donald Trump. LJ19 Join us:
In the wake of tragedy in his hometown, BetoORourke responded with compassion and leadership, looking into the eyes of people who just lost loved ones and pledging his total resolve. His passion for solving our gun crisis has been inspiring to anyone who has seen him.
Im about to join TeamJoe at our LJ19 Celebration Pre-Party in Des Moines, Iowa. Tune in to watch live:
The values of patriotism, friendship, and faith that Scranton instilled in me have defined my entire life and theyre the values Ill bring to the White
To every military family in our country: thank you, thank you, thank
The next president will inherit a world in disarray. Theres no time for on-the-job training Ill be ready on day one.
We must stop penalizing and criminalizing poverty.
When it comes to health care, many Americans can't afford to wait for far off promises. Obamacare's open enrollment begins today. Head to to find an affordable, quality plan that works best for you. GetCovered
Together, we will beat Donald Trump like a drum. LJ19 Join us:
Ill see you tomorrow.
Tonight in Iowa, a teacher asked me what my top priorities would be as president. Here's what I told
One of my great honors as Vice President was speaking at the Air Force Academy commencement. We need a President who respects our
I did. It made clear that you pressured a foreign government to interfere in our political process on your behalf. You violated your oath of office and betrayed our nation. You should be impeached.
I know its Halloween, but Donald Trump has really been scaring me lately. Chip in $5 if hes scaring you too:
The American people cant afford four more years of Donald Trumps art of no deals.
Happy Halloween from the entire Biden family! We hope your night is filled with few tricks and plenty of
President Trump is undermining our health care and trying to repeal the Affordable Care Act at every turn. As a result, additional children are uninsured. Its cruel. I will protect and build on Obamacare to ensure every American has access to the care they need.
. DrBiden and I are grateful for the brave first responders working around the clock to contain the California fires. Our thoughts are with the Californians affected by the fires; our prayers will be for your safety.
Sorry America, the correct answer is Snickers.
Congress must do its duty to ensure that Donald Trump's assault on the Constitution does not seep beyond his presidency, with a lasting and devastating impact on our
The super-wealthy dont need another tax cut. Period. My administration will repeal the Trump tax cuts for the super-wealthy and reward work, not just
Donald Trump's erratic foreign policy has abandoned our allies, abdicated our leadership, and tarnished our reputation. It has to stop. In a Biden administration, America will once again lead by example and rally the world to meet our common challenges.
Our planet cannot afford four more years of Donald Trump in the White House.
Im not afraid to say the word union. Americas unions built the middle class and in a Biden administration, well work alongside them to rebuild
We are at a crucial moment. We can survive four years of Donald Trump, but if we give him eight years in the White House, he will forever alter the character of our nation. We cannot let that happen. Chip in to help us make Trump a one-term president:
Lt. Col. Alexander S. Vindmans testimony made clear what we already knew: Donald Trump pressured Ukraine to interfere in our elections on his behalf and the White House tried to cover it up. We cannot let Trump get away with this abuse of power. He must be impeached.
President Trumps reckless trade war is hurting farmers like Kevinenough is enough. Our farmers can't afford four more years of a leader who delivers nothing but empty promises. As president, Ill stand up to China and pursue a trade policy that prioritizes American
Proud to stand in solidarity with TWULocal100 and Transportworker in their fight for a fair contract. The + bus and subway workers who move New York deserve the dignity that comes with fair wages, good benefits, and job security. TWUrally2019
Ive seen firsthand how hard educators work with little pay and few resources. We must do better. A Biden administration will ensure our educators finally receive the pay and dignity they deserve.
With Trump, its always all about him. It's all about beating his chest about what he's done, the stable genius that he is. We need a real leader.
After almost three years on the job, Donald Trump is still unprepared to lead the world and unfit to lead our country. To clean up his mess, we need a leader who doesn't require on the job training. I'm prepared to get to work on day
Every day that Donald Trump sits in the Oval Office is a dangerous day for the United States. His erratic, impulsive decisions threaten our standing in the world and make us all less safe.
Some Americans celebrate NationalCatDay, some celebrate NationalDogDay President Trump celebrates neither. It says a lot. Its time we put a pet back in the White
For too long, corporations have stifled workers right to organize and collectively bargain for the pay and benefits they deserve. That ends with a Biden administration. We will hold corporations and executives personally accountable for interfering with the rights of workers.
Seven years ago, Hurricane Sandy devastated the East Coast. As we remember those we lost, we must renew our commitment to addressing climate change. Extreme storms will only become more frequent and powerful if we dont take urgent action to tackle this
I welcome the Houses passage of H Res , which recognizes and condemns the Armenian Genocide of -23. By acknowledging this genocide we honor the memory of its victims and vow: never again.
Filipino-American History Month is an important opportunity to honor the rich history of the Filipino-American community, including the legacy of brave Filipino veterans who fought in World War II, and all the ways they strengthen our nation.
Congratulations to the teachers of Dedham, Massachusetts, on a successful strike and for securing a fair contract. It's past time we support our educators by giving them the pay and dignity they deserve.
Paying off your kids' student loan debt can feel overwhelming. We need a president who understands
% of Americans put their lives on the line to defend the other % of us we owe so much to our military men and women and their families. We must do better by those who sacrifice everything in service to our
In a Biden administration, our: - Secretary of Education will be an educator - EPA Administrator will know climate change is real - Attorney General will defend the Constitution, not the president
Ten years ago, President Obama and I championed and signed into law the Matthew Shepard and James Byrd, Jr. Hate Crimes Prevention Act. As president, I'll enforce our nations hate crime laws, reverse Trumps cruel and discriminatory acts, and sign the Equality Act into law.
With less than days until the Iowa Caucus, we need your help to build the strongest grassroots operation possible to win the nomination and make Donald Trump a one-term president. Chip in what you can today:
This is not who we are. And as a nation, we will prove that next November. Families belong together.
If President Trump had ever visited our troops serving in Afghanistan, he would know this isn't true.
Donald Trump has no strategy for securing our nation against terrorist threats. He has no strategy for anything. Every day that he directs American national security is a dangerous day for the United States.
Kay Hagan was a courageous soul who lived every day of her too-short life with incredible dignity and character, even as the days became more difficult physically. Jill and I are deeply saddened by this news and extend our condolences to her entire
The Russians don't want me to be president, and Trump doesn't want me to be the nominee. But they picked a fight with the wrong guy Im not going anywhere. We will make Donald Trump a one-term president.
No American President should welcome foreign interference in our
We cannot afford four more years of Donald
This is the United States of America if we pick our heads up and remember who we are, theres not a single thing we cant
Tonight on minutes Ill lay out what I believe we need to do to ensure that Americas word means something again on the world stage. Tune in at pm ET.
I couldnt agree more, Springsteen.
To all those taking part in the Festival of Lights, Jill and I send warm wishes for a joyous celebration Happy Diwali and Saal
Today, we remember the lives taken one year ago at the Tree of Life Synagogue. We must constantly strive to live up to the American ideal that we're all created equal, while facing the harsh reality that hate has long torn us apart. The battle isn't over. We must end this hate.
I congratulate our special forces, our intelligence community, and all our brave military professionals on delivering justice to the terrorist Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi. The world is better and safer without him in
Donald Trump and his administration have no idea what hard-working, decent, ordinary Americans are going through. They dont understand the middle class. I do.
Institutional racism should no longer exist. As president, I'll put forward change to help put an end to
Even the dog knows that we cant afford four more years of Donald
If you work hard, you should be able to share in the prosperity. That basic bargain is broken it's time we restore it for all American workers. My plan will ensure all workers can bargain for the pay, benefits and workplace protections they deserve.
We only have days left until the Iowa Caucus. Chip in what you can to help us restore the soul of our nation:
Donald Trump promised he would work for the forgotten American instead, hes forgotten about them. From day one, my administration will be focused on building an inclusive middle class to ensure everyone has a fair shot at a better future.
We only have days left until the Iowa Caucus and we need your help to organize and grow our team. Add your name to say you're ready to join the fight:
I am proud to stand with the Asian American and Pacific Islander community, and the contributions they have made to America's rich diversity. Today, we're launching AAPIs for Biden a coalition working to help me unite our nation. To join, visit:
Theres a war being waged on organized labor and its only getting worse with President Trump in the White House. As president, I'll strengthen organizing and collective bargaining rights to strengthen unions. If youre with me, join my campaign:
Wall Street did not build the middle class unions did. As president, Ill ensure that workers are treated with dignity and respect. All workers must receive the pay, benefits and workplace protections they deserve. Read my plan:
. SpeakerPelosi tiene razn. Trump y los Republicanos deberan dejar de jugar a la poltica y apoyar TPS para los Venezolanos ya.
The Speaker is right. Trump and Senate Republicans should stop playing politics and support TPS protection for vulnerable Venezuelans now.
Called into the CTUlocal1 picket line to thank them for all they do for our students. Its time we give our educators and school staff the pay and dignity they deserve.
Employers are interfering with workers efforts to organize and negotiate for a fair contract it's wrong. My plan holds corporations and executives personally accountable for interfering with organizing efforts & violating other labor laws. Learn more:
We are not prepared for a pandemic. Trump has rolled back progress President Obama and I made to strengthen global health security. We need leadership that builds public trust, focuses on real threats, and mobilizes the world to stop outbreaks before they reach our shores.
A job is about a lot more than a paycheckits about dignity, its about respect, its about being able to look your kid in the eye and say everything is going to be ok. Too many people today cant say that. Weve got to rebuild the middle class and restore the dignity of
Today, Im releasing my plan to strengthen worker organizing, collective bargaining, and unions. To grow a stronger, more inclusive middle class I'll make it easier for workers to unionize. It's time we start rewarding work, not wealth. Read my plan:
Congressman Elijah Cummings was a lion of democracy and a powerful ally in the fight for the soul of our nation. I am honored to have served alongside him and known him as a friend. May his passion and purpose live on as he rests in heavenly peace.
President Trumps abdication of American leadership on climate change is dangerous. If we give him four more years, our planet may never recover. On day one, Ill rejoin the Paris Agreement and rally the world to push our progress further and faster.
Donald Trump lacks the moral authority to lead our country. Every day he spends in the White House, he further debases the values and ideals of our nation. We must make him a one-term president.
If I'm elected president, my children will not sit in on Cabinet meetings or have offices in the White
The powerful gun lobby has controlled our politics for far too long. Enough is enough. We the people own this country not the NRA.
Donald Trump inherited a growing economy from the Obama-Biden Administration. And just like everything else hes inherited in his life hes in the process of squandering it.
The United States of America can be defined by one word:
I'm running for president to rebuild the backbone of our countrythe middle class. And this time, we'll bring everyone along, so every American family can live a life of dignity. If youre with me, join the campaign by pitching in what you can today:
At a time when labor is under attack and Trump's reckless trade wars threaten millions more farms and families around the country, TimRyan has been a clear voice for those at risk of being left behind. He'll continue to be a fierce force for them in Congress.
I strongly support the Senate's approval of North Macedonia's NATO membership. The countries of the Western Balkans deserve to be part of a Europe whole, free and at peace and we should be supporting Euro-Atlantic integration across the region.
As president, I would press for dialogue to prevent further violence and instability. Investing in Haitis prosperity and security is in the national security interest of the United States.
The Trump Administration is abandoning the Haitian people while the countrys political crisis is paralyzing that nation.
I'm proud to stand with seiuhcpa and Regional Hospital of Scranton workers in their fight for higher wages, access to affordable health insurance, and a fair contract that invests in the future of their hospital.
Hoy estamos lanzando Todos con Biden. Los latinos han contribuido mucho a nuestro passon parte del tejido de Estados Unidos y se merecen un presidente que les respete y que luchar junto a ellos. Acompenme a continuar y mejorar los logros realizados:
Today, we're launching Todos con Biden. Latinos have contributed so much to our countryyou're part of the fabric of America & you deserve a president who respects you & will fight alongside you. Join me as we continue to build on the progress we've made:
Donald Trump has no idea what it means to be a part of the middle class. I
Lets be clear, this ban is dangerous and directly violates a woman's constitutional right to choose. We must stop it. As president, I will codify Roe into federal law and ensure this choice remains between a woman and her doctor.
Rooted in Scranton, fortified in the halls of Congress, and proven in the White House my values have never changed, and they never will. I wont stop fighting for the hardworking Americans who make our country run every single
Let's get something straight unions built the middle
We all want the same thing a life of dignity and a fair shot at a better future. Donald Trump isn't capable of understanding
WATCH LIVE: Joe Biden Speaks in Scranton, Pennsylvania
This morning, Ill be in my hometown of Scranton, Pennsylvania, to discuss my plans to build a middle class where everyone comes along. Tune in at :00 AM ET to watch live:
Once again, Putin and the Russians are interfering in the elections and trying to pick our president -- this time they're coming after me. Chip in $5 to send the message to Putin that the American people decide elections, not him:
This wasnt the right word to use and Im sorry about that. Trump on the other hand chose his words deliberately today in his use of the word lynching and continues to stoke racial divides in this country daily.
The moral obligation of our time is to restore, rebuild, and respect the backbone of Americathe middle class. That mission will be my North Star as president.
Our gun and domestic violence epidemics are linked and we must take action to end them both. Leader McConnell should allow a vote on the House-passed VAWA reauthorization to close loopholes and keep firearms out of the hands of dangerous individuals.
Campbell is an incredible young man, and Im proud to have played a small part in his journey. To anyone working to overcome a stutter, my message is clear: never give up and never let it define you.
There used to be a basic bargain in Americawhen your company did well, you shared in the prosperity. We must restore that bargain & stand up to corporate profiteering. I support Teamsters25 as they strike against RepublicService for a living wage, health care, and pensions.
Impeachment is not 'lynching,' it is part of our Constitution. Our country has a dark, shameful history with lynching, and to even think about making this comparison is abhorrent. It's despicable.
Las armas de asalto y los cartuchos de alta capacidad no tienen lugar en nuestras comunidades. Yo me enfrente al NRA una vez antes para prohibirlos, y lo volver a hacer en la Casa Blanca.
We are truly in a battle for the soul of our nation, and its up to all of us to stand up and reject intolerance in all its forms. We must give hate no safe harbor.
The Russian Facebook trolls are back and this time, they're going after my campaign. We cannot let repeat itself. Chip in $5 to our rapid response fund to help us fight back against their lies and foreign interference in our elections:
Donald Trump talks tough on trade but has nothing to show for itother than pain for America's families. Mike Pence has been his complicit sidekick, propping up Trumps reckless trade wars and slighting hard-working Americans across the country.
Assault weapons and high-capacity magazines have no place in our communities. Ive taken on the NRA to ban them once before, and Ill do it again in the White House.
After the most corrupt administration in modern history, the next president faces a big task: restoring faith in American government. A Biden administration will ensure our government works for all Americans not just the powerful.
In the United States, health care should be a right for all not a privilege for the few. As president, I will give Americans a new choice a Medicare-like public option to ensure everyone has access to the quality, affordable care they need.
Donald Trump has asked three foreign governments to interfere in our elections on his behalf. In full view of the American people, he has violated his oath of office and betrayed our nation. He must be impeached.
Four years of Betsy DeVos is more than enough. Were going to make sure the next Secretary of Education is a
Im not going to be distracted by all of President Trump's lies, smears, distortions, and name-calling. Im going to stay focused on the issues that matter to youbecause action cannot wait when it comes to health care, or jobs, or education, or guns, or climate.
Thoughts and prayers wont end our gun violence epidemic. Its past time we take on the NRA and pass common-sense gun safety reform that starts with banning assault weapons and high-capacity magazines and requiring universal background checks.
Hosting the G7 at Trumps hotel? A president should never be able to use the office for personal gain.
Lets be clear the effects of climate change are devastating. We need to take action. As president, Ill not only address this grave threat Ill lead the rest of the world in addressing the climate emergency. Read my plan at .
Our firefighters and teachers should not be paying a higher tax rate than the super-wealthy. Weve got to rebuild the middle class and, this time, make sure everyone comes along.
These moments, getting to speak with all of you...that's what keeps me going. We need a leader who cares. That's why I'm running for
President Trump has relentlessly fought to sabotage and repeal Obamacare I will not stand for it. I will protect and build on Obamacare as president, ensuring every American has peace of mind when it comes to their health care.
This is what being bought and paid for by the NRA looks like. Its cowardly.
President Trump withheld Congressionally appropriated aid to Ukraine unless they granted him a political favor. It's the definition of quid pro quo. This is no jokeTrump continues to put his own personal, political interests ahead of the national interest. He must be impeached.
Weve got to choose truth over lies and that starts with getting Donald Trump out of the White House.
years ago, I worked to help pass the North Korea Human Rights Act. We made our values clear to the brutal regime in Pyongyang. Trump has instead made excuses for the dictator in the North and refuses to appoint a special envoy for human rights in NK. It is disgraceful.
. realDonaldTrump, we have a message for you: release your tax returns or shut up about corruption. Get yours today:
It is not just that Donald Trump is a liar. It is not just that he is corrupt. It is that every day he finds new ways to lie in an attempt to cover up his own
Trump est restableciendo fondos 'especficos' a Centroamrica. Yo apoyo la restauracin de financiacin total para abordar las causas de la crisis migratoria, incluyendo ayuda para el desarrollo, el cual reduce violencia/migracin. Polticas coercitivas en s no son suficientes.
Congratulations for making history, Astro_Christina and Astro_Jessica. Because of you, every girl knows that even the stars are not beyond her reach. AllWomanSpaceWalk
From day one, a Biden administration will be focused on rebuilding the backbone of our country the middle class. And this time, well make sure everyone comes along regardless of race, gender, religion, sexual orientation, or disability.
Venezuelas election to the UN Human Rights Council is a travesty. Nicols Maduro is a dictator, plain and simple. His regimes human rights violations and extrajudicial killings have been documented by the UNHRC.
Trump is only reinstating targeted funds to Central America. I support full restoration of bipartisan funding to address root causes of the migration crisisincluding the development aid proven to reduce violence and migration. Law enforcement alone is not enough.
Eliminate all private dollars from federal elections. Overturn Citizens United and end dark money groups. Ban lobbyists from donating to candidates they lobby. It's time we ensure our government works for the people not just the powerful.
When leaders like Admiral McRaven speak, we should listen. Donald Trump is a threat to our national security his erratic, impulsive decisions make us all less safe. We cannot give him eight years in the White House.
Donald Trump is the most reckless and incompetent Commander-in-Chief weve ever had.
Every young person deserves to be affirmed and accepted exactly as they are regardless of sexual orientation or gender identity. Today on SpiritDay and every day, we must ensure LGBTQ youth hear that message loud and clear.
Proud to stand with CTULocal1, SEIU73, and every teacher and support staff member striking today for better staffing and quality schools for our students. It's time we support all workers with the pay and dignity they deserve. FairContractNow
Today, were officially launching our fall line! Head to to stock up on new t-shirts, stickers, sweatshirts, and
Hosting a major foreign leader summit at a Trump hotel? Donald Trump continues to abuse his power to line his own pockets. Time to put up (your tax returns) or shut up Mr. President.
From banning assault weapons to passing Obamacare I know what it takes to pass important, consequential legislation. I'm the only person in this race with the proven ability to get the job
Elijah Cummings was a true public servant, his life defined by the love of his community and a fierce commitment to ensuring truth wins over power. The whole Biden family sends our condolences to his wife, Maya, his children, and the entire city of
The Kurds were integral in helping us defeat ISIS and too many lost their lives. Now, President Trump has abandoned them. It's shameful.
Diplomacy isnt just a series of handshakes and photo ops. But Donald Trump doesn't understand that and he never
The next president will face an enormous challenge of picking up the pieces of Americas foreign policy, salvaging our reputation, and rebuilding respect for the United States around the world. We need a leader who will be ready on day
President Trump what a delusional
Im about to take the stage in Iowa to discuss Donald Trumps reckless actions in Syria. Tune in now to watch live:
This afternoon, I'll be discussing Donald Trump's recent actions in Syria and how his erratic, impulsive decisions endanger our troops and make us all less safe. Tune in at PM ET to watch live:
Unlike President Trump, I know what it takes to negotiate with Erdoan. And if I were president, I would make him pay a heavy price for what he has
The events of this past week in Syria have made clear just how dangerous Donald Trump is to our national security, to our leadership around the world, and to the lives of our brave men and women serving in
. realDonaldTrump, you want to talk about corruption? Ive released years of my tax returns release yours or shut
I won't need any on-the-job training. I'll be ready on day one.
Im relying on your support to power my campaign. Together, I know we can defeat Donald Trump and protect our democracy. Just $5 can make a difference. Chip in today:
It's time we pick our heads up and remember who we are. This is the United States of America there is not a single thing we cannot do if we do it
I just stepped off the DemDebate stage, where I laid out my bold vision for the country and how Ill deliver real progress for working families. If you liked what you heard tonight, help us keep our momentum going by pitching in:
We have an erratic, crazy president who knows not a damn thing about foreign policy and operates out of fear for his own re-election.
Thats all we have for tonights DemDebate! Make sure to follow TeamJoe to stay up-to-date on everything happening on our
Joe Biden is the only candidate on the DemDebate stage who has actually beaten the NRA and he did it twice. As president, he will ban assault weapons and high-capacity magazines once again.
Lets put this in perspective: if you eliminate every single solitary soldier, tank, satellite, nuclear weapon, eliminate the Pentagon and it would only pay for months of Medicare for All. months. Where do the other months come from? Your paycheck. DemDebate
Roe v. Wade is the law of the land. Period. As president, Joe Biden will stand up to attacks on a womans constitutional right to choose and enshrine Roe into federal law. DemDebate
Medicare for All will cost at least $30 trillion over years and it will be paid for in part by raising taxes on middle class families. Joe Biden has a better plan he will protect and build on Obamacare to ensure everyone has access to quality, affordable health
Joe Biden has a bold plan to end our gun violence epidemic. But its going to take more than plansits going to take leadership and a proven ability to get things done. He's banned assault weapons and high-capacity magazines before & he'll do it again.
We have an erratic, crazy President who knows not a damn thing about foreign policy. DemDebate
Three that's how many times President Trump asked foreign governments to interfere in our political process. Why? Because he's scared. He knows Joe Biden will beat him like a drum.
The United States has a vital national interest in Syria to ensure the lasting defeat of ISIS. We know that this terrorist group plotted to attack our homeland in the past, and we cannot let that threat re-emerge. DemDebate
Donald Trump betrayed our partners in the Syrian Democratic Forces and put at risk our gains against ISIS. This is a disaster of his own making. DemDebate
As president, Joe Biden will repeal Trumps tax cuts for corporations and the super-wealthy, and build a tax code that rewards work, not just wealth. DemDebate
Our firefighters and teachers work tirelessly to make our communities safer, better places to live. They should not pay a higher tax rate than the super-wealthy. DemDebate
On day one, Joe Biden will move to: Eliminate the Trump tax cut for the super-wealthy Eliminate the unjustified loopholes in our tax code Use that money to invest in Americas future DemDebate
Donald Trump is the most corrupt president in modern American history. He must be impeached.
We cant beat Donald Trump with double talk on health care. Joe Biden doesnt just know what his health care plan ishe knows how much it would cost, and how he would pay for it.
Medicare for All will cost *checks notes* x more than Joe Biden's plan to protect and build on Obamacare and it will be paid for in part by raising taxes on middle class families.
Russia, if youre listening I would like you to do us a favor to Ukraines president China should start an investigation. Our President has asked three foreign powers to intervene in our elections on his behalf and those are just the ones we know about! DemDebate
A president who puts his own self-interest ahead of the public good and national security poses a threat to each and every American in our daily lives. Donald Trump should be impeached. Period.
Hey everyone TeamJoe here! Were taking over the account to keep you in the loop on tonights DemDebate. Make sure to follow along for updates!
Folks, we have to do more than beat Donald Trump. We have to beat him like a drum. When I take the DemDebate stage tonight, I'm going to show you that I'm the best candidate to do just that. Let's go.
From the Voting Rights Act renewal, to the ban on assault weapons, to the Violence Against Women Act, to Obamacare, to the Recovery Act that kept us from sliding into a Depression, Ive delivered progress for you. I know what it takes to get it done.
Fixing what's broken in this country will take visionand yes, it will take plans. But thats not enough. It also takes the proven ability to get it done. And there is no one on tonight's stage who has a stronger record of passing important, consequential legislation than I do.
This election is about you. Your children. Your family. And you cant wait for a president fighting for you when it comes to health care, or jobs, or education, or guns, or climate. The world cant wait for America to once again lead a stable, peaceful international order.
For days, pundits have let Donald Trump define the conversation around tonight's DemDebate. Well, Trump doesn't get to pick the Democratic nominee. And Im not going to be distracted by all his lies, smears, distortions, and name-calling. Hes picked a fight with the wrong guy.
Philadelphia's office cleaners work hard every day to keep the city's buildings clean. They deserve the dignity that comes with a living wage, access to health care, and a secure retirement. I stand with BJSEIU cleaners in their fight for a fair contract. BuildingJustice
Overturning Citizens United isnt enough. Ridding our politics of big money and corporate special interests demands more. We must go further. I will introduce a constitutional amendment to get all private dollars out of our federal elections.
President Trump is leading the most corrupt administration in modern American history. Its got to end. We must restore integrity to our government and ensure our elected officials work for all Americans not just the powerful.
Donald Trump is the most corrupt president in modern American history.
The news from Fort Worth is heartbreaking. Atatiana Jefferson should still be alive today. We cannot allow this to keep happening, we must reform our policing practices and hold officers accountable for their actions.
Donald Trump is the definition of corruption. At every turn, he has abused the power of the presidency to benefit his bottom line and weaponized the Executive Branch to serve himself. Ill ensure our government works for the peoplenot just Donald Trump.
Overturning Citizens United is an important step in ending the corrupting influence of money in our politics, but we must go further. As president, I will introduce a constitutional amendment to eliminate all private dollars from our federal elections.
America was built on a simple proposition: we're all created equal. We haven't yet fully lived up to that ideal, but we've never stopped trying. Transgender folks deserve every right afforded to Americans and as president, I will fight to secure those
On IndigenousPeoplesDay, we recognize the resiliency of indigenous communities and celebrate their rich contributions to societywhile recommitting to the work that remains to come to terms with our past as a nation, to honor our promises, and work to right our wrongs.
Our Constitution begins with three simple words, We the People not We the Donors. But for too long, corporations and special interests have corrupted our political process and rigged it in their favor. Today, Im releasing my plan to change that:
Corporations should not value their profits over the health and safety of their employees. As president, I will significantly increase the number of inspectors within the pork and beef industries to ensure every individual has safe working
President Trump betrayed our partners, the Syrian Democratic Forces, and endangered our hard-won gains against ISIS. Our troops are left in the middle of a war with no plan other than retreat. He has failed as Commander-in-Chief to safeguard our country & protect our troops.
Donald Trump is a threat to our democracy. He must be impeached.
It is wonderful to see Sesame Street raising awareness about the effect of substance use disorder on families. We need to be doing more to help parents experiencing addiction and support children who end up in foster care because of this issue.
The Affordable Care Act has been under relentless attack for the past nine years I will not stand for it. As president, I will protect and build on the ACA to ensure every American has peace of mind when it comes to their health care.
Thank you, UFCW! I promise you wont have a better ally in the White House if Im president. Im a union guy and always have been. Together, we can restore the soul of this
Im about to take the stage at the UFCW Presidential Forum in Iowa, where Ill discuss my plans to strengthen Americas unions. Tune in to watch live:
The devastating effects of gun violence dont end when the shooting is oversurvivors may face mental health and substance use disorders in the months and years that follow. Enough is enough. We must end this epidemic.
Thanks Sarah. I'm proud of you and so is Beau.
A good education should be a reliable pathway to the middle classnot saddle you with mountains of debt. My new plan will provide two years of community college without debt, double Pell grants, invest $50 billion in workforce training programs, and more.
Immigrants have always made us stronger as a nation our diversity has always been our greatest strength. Donald Trump doesnt get that.
President Trump's attacks on Congresswoman Omar and Somali refugees have no place in our nation let alone the White House. A president should unite us around our shared goals and lift us up, not stoke the flames of hatred and tear us down.
I was proud to work with Matthews parents, Judy and Dennis, to extend our hate crimes law to cover sexual orientation and gender identity. But theres still more work to be done we cant rest until every single American can live open and proud without fear.
years ago, Matthew Shepard passed away after a brutal anti-gay hate crime an attack that shook the conscience of our nation. As we honor his memory, we must remember that members of the LGBTQ community especially trans women of color are still targeted with violence.
President Trump believes he can and will get away with anything he does. We all laughed when he said he could stand in the middle of th Avenue and shoot someone and get away with it. Now, he is shooting holes in our Constitution. We cannot let him get away with it.
We believe Americans should decide American elections. But Trump will do anything to get re-elected, including violating the most basic norms of our democracy. It's dangerous. We cannot give him four more years in the White House.
Our planet is at a critical moment and if we re-elect Donald Trump, it may never recover. On day one, Ill take action to reverse the damage done by this administration and put America on track to lead the world in addressing the climate emergency.
Let me make something clear to President Trump: Im not going anywhere. Youre not going to destroy me. And youre not going to destroy my family. I dont care how dirty the attacks get.
Living open and proud is a daily act of bravery bravery that resides in the heart of every single LGBTQ individual. To those who have come out and to those who havent, know that Im proud of you. You are loved and you are accepted just as you are. ComingOutDay
Today is a reminder to every girl on the planet: nothing is beyond your capacity or capability. And all of us must work to ensure that girls around the world have the chance to participate fully in society and that their rights are respected. DayoftheGirl
To LGBTQ people suffering persecution anywhere: the American people are on your side. And as president, I will ensure the U.S. leads the world to defend human rights for all.
LGBTQ rights are human rights. Uganda's proposed new law is inhumane. Using religion or culture to license discrimination is never justifiable. Period.
Using religion or culture to discriminate against or demonize LGBTQ individuals is never justifiednot anywhere in the world. I will send a clear message from the top of our government: prejudice is prejudice, inhumanity is inhumanity, and the U.S. will not stand for
I spent my night at the HRC forum talking about the fundamental respect every human being deserves. You spent yours showing how little respect for anyone else you have. America is so much stronger than your weakness, realDonaldTrump.
Honored to be asked a question at tonight's EqualityTownHall by my friend Judy Shepard. It was a privilege to work with her to secure the passage of legislation that extended our hate crimes laws to crimes based on sexual orientation and gender identity.
We have to make sure that no hospital or health care provider can discriminate against someone simply because of who they are or whom they love.
There is no distinction between mental health and physical health its health. Period. We've got to combat the stigma and ensure everyone has access to the care they need and deserve. WorldMentalHealthDay
Looking forward to joining AndersonCooper at tonights EqualityTownHall to discuss the work that remains in the fight for LGBTQ rights. Tune in to CNN at PM ET to watch live.
For all the hard-won progress we've made in the fight for LGBTQ equality, we're not done not nearly. We must stand up to President Trump's dangerous attacks on the rights of the LGBTQ community and continue to fight for full
Americans should decide American elections.
I sat down with MaraKeisling of the NCTEActionFund to discuss the progress weve made on LGBTQ rights and the work that remains. Transgender equality is the civil rights issue of our timeI wont stop fighting until everyone is treated with the dignity and respect they
President Trump picked a fight with the wrong
Trump made this decision on a whim, after a phone call with Turkish President Erdogan. There was no process. No consultation with our military, our diplomats, or our allies. Trump got rolled, plain and simple, because he has no idea what he's doing.
But that's not all he betrayed our brave troops, who sacrificed alongside them. He betrayed our word as a nation raising doubts among our allies around the world about America's security commitments.
Donald Trump sold out the Syrian Democratic Forces the courageous Kurds and Arabs who fought with us to smash ISIS's caliphate and he betrayed a key local ally in the fight against terrorism.
In full view of the American people, Donald Trump has violated his oath of office and betrayed this nation. He must be
President Trump has decided that we don't have the power or the political will to hold him accountable. He's not just testing us he's laughing at us. We must prove him wrong. He must be
Like every bully, President Trump is lashing out because hes afraid. Hes afraid of how badly I will beat him next November. Lets make his worst fear a reality:
Only a little farther north, Timothy Ragland won his race to become both the youngest and first African American mayor of Talladega. I'm confident they will serve the people of Alabama well.
Last night, history was made in the birthplace of the civil rights movement, when Steven Reed became the first African American mayor of Montgomery.
President Trump sees no limit to his power. He believes he can and will get away with anything he
To preserve our Constitution, our democracy, and our basic integrity Donald Trump should be
Two days ago, Trump impulsively gave Turkey a green light to invade Syria, blindsiding our military. Today, we see the consequencesTurkish forces attacking the fighters that helped us take on ISIS. Its a betrayal, takes pressure off the terrorist threat, & leaves us less safe.
Every day Donald Trump is in the White House, he poses a grave threat to our democracy. We must make him a one-term president. Help us defeat him by pitching in to our Beat Trump Fund before midnight:
With his words and with his actions, President Trump has indicted himself. He should be impeached.
Thanks for watching. Stop stonewalling the Congress. Honor your oath. Respect the Constitution. And speaking of taxpayers, Ive released years of my tax returns. You?
Join me now as I take the stage:
Im about to take the stage in New Hampshire to discuss the grave threat Donald Trump poses to our democracy and the action we must take. Tune in now:
This afternoon, Ill be speaking about President Trumps abuse of power and the grave threat he poses to our democracy. Tune in at :45 PM ET to watch live.
Jill and I send our best wishes to those taking part in the Hindu festival of Navratri. As the nine days of celebration come to a close, let us remain optimistic of the triumph of good over evil and the opportunity of new beginnings.
I have spent my entire career fighting the abuse of power. Donald Trump has spent his entire career abusing his power.
In public and in private, President Trump has asked foreign governments to interfere in our elections on his behalf. It is an abuse of power. We cannot let him get away with it. Chip in to our Trump Rapid Response Fund to help us respond:
Jill and I wish Jewish communities around the world an easy fast as they gather to observe Yom Kippur. The Day of Atonement is an important reminder of the obligation we all share to reflect on our actions and recommit to our values in the year ahead. LShana Tovah.
President Trump must stop stonewalling Congress and fully cooperate with the investigations. The American people deserve the truth.
No one should live in fear of being fired because of who they are or whom they love. We must stand up to President Trumps relentless attacks on LGBTQ rights and continue the fight for full equalitybecause every American deserves to live open, proud, and free. RiseUpOct8
We will make historic investments in education and training to ensure every American has a reliable path to the middle classregardless of their parents income or the color of their skin. Wondering how the plan will benefit you? Take the quiz:
Historically Black Colleges and Universities and Minority-Serving Institutions play a vital role in our communities. A Biden administration will invest $70 billion in these institutions to improve affordability, build high tech labs and facilities, and support student success.
A Biden administration will take concrete action to address the student debt crisis in our country. We will expand access to Pell Grants, more than halve income-based payments on undergraduate federal student loans, and make student loan forgiveness work for public servants.
. DrBiden calls community colleges Americas best kept secret she's right. A Biden administration will invest in these institutions, providing every American with two years of community college or other high-quality training programs without debt.
A good education should be a reliable pathway to the middle class. But for too many, earning a credential or degree after high school comes with a mountain of debt or is out of reach altogether. Today, Im releasing my plan to change that:
Firefighters and teachers should not pay a higher tax rate than the wealthiest in our country. As president, I will reverse President Trumps tax cuts for the super-wealthy and create a tax code that works for the middle class. Its time we reward work, not just wealth.
Abuse of power is the defining characteristic of the Trump presidency. Donald Trump has abused the foreign policy of the United States to extract personal, political favors from multiple countries. We must stop
Today, I'm proud the campaign is launching Women for Biden. There's so much at stake in this election and so much more work to do in the fight for women's health care, paychecks, safety, and families:
As president, I will make passing the Equality Act a top legislative priority. A Biden administration wont rest until we truly achieve full equality, and everyone is treated with dignity and respect under the law.
A president should use the full might of the executive branch to secure justice, dignity, and safety for all. Instead, President Trump does the opposite callously exerting his power over the most vulnerable. We must send a clear message: We will not stand for this.
This week, the Trump Administration is set to argue before the Supreme Court that its legal to discriminate against someone simply because of who they are or whom they love. Its a dangerous attack on the civil rights of LGBTQ Americans and everything we stand for.
We cannot, and will not, stand for President Trumps corruption. We will beat him like a drum.
If we stand together we can, and will, end our gun violence epidemic. Read my full plan to address this public health epidemic at .
President Trump continuously dishonors everything it means to hold the office of President of the United States of America. We must make him a one-term president.
Elena De11eDonne is the pride of Delaware. Wishing her well as she recovers we need more professional athletes like her sharing their support for inclusive sports. I'm looking forward to seeing her back on the court soon.
In my experience, asking a foreign government to manufacture lies about your domestic political opponent is not done all the time.
No family should be struggling to make ends meet. American farmers are hurting as a result of President Trumps broken promises his trade war is reckless. As president, Ill stand up to China and pursue a trade policy that prioritizes American workers.
Our planet just experienced the hottest September on record yet President Trump continues to dismiss the devastating effects of climate change. As president, Ill address this grave threat and lead the world in addressing our climate emergency.
It's clear who President Trump works for. He gave giant tax cuts to the super-wealthy and corporations. Now, hes cutting food stamp funding for the rd time. Its cruel. No family should go hungry in America.
Jill and I are devastated to hear about last nights shooting in Kansas City. No one should ever have to fear that they, or their loved ones, may not return home due to senseless violence. We must come together as a country to put an end to these tragedies once and for all.
Every day it becomes clearer, we cannot give Donald Trump four more years in the White House. Stand with me, and together we can make him a one-term president:
And to Trump and those who facilitate his abuses of power, and all the special interests funding his attacks against me: Please know that Im not going anywhere. You wont destroy me, and you wont destroy my family. And come November , I intend to beat you like a drum.
While the House does its job on impeachment, Im going to stay focused on what matters: improving the lives of Americans and fighting to ensure that the United States is once again the leader of the free world.
Its the same cynical playbook he returns to again and again. But this time it wont work, because the American people know meand they know him. I will put the integrity of my whole career in public service to this nation up against Trumps lack of integrity any day of the week.
Our first president, George Washington, famously could not tell a lie. Trump seemingly cannot tell the truth about anything. He slanders anyone he sees as a threat. It's why is he is frantically pushing flat-out lies, debunked conspiracy theories and smears against me.
He does not understand the immense responsibility demanded of all those who hold the office of the president of the United States. He sees only the power and how it can benefit just one person: Donald Trump.
Every day, more evidence is uncovered revealing that Trump is abusing the power of the presidency and is wholly unfit to be president. He is using the highest office in the land to advance his personal, political interests instead of the national interest.
Obamacare was, and is, a big deal. It covered million additional Americans, protects over million with pre-existing conditions, and has saved lives. We cant afford to tear it down and start over. As president, I will protect and build on it.
President Trump is spending millions of dollars attacking me because he's scared I'll beat him. But Im not going anywhere. I wont let Donald Trump choose the Democratic
Donald Trump is the most corrupt president in modern
If there are any angels in heaven, they are all male and female
We have a president who believes he is above the law and that there is no limit to his power. He is wrong. We cannot let him get away with this. Chip in to help us beat him like a drum:
Donald Trump is the definition of corruption.
Roe v. Wade is the law of the land, and we must fight any and all attempts to overturn it. As president, I will codify Roe into law and ensure this choice remains between a woman and her doctor.
Health care is personal to me like it is for so many Americans. I promise you, as president, I will protect your family's health care as I would my
It has been days since the House passed the bipartisan universal background check bill. Every day since, senatemajldr McConnell has refused to bring it up for a vote. Enough. How many more Americans must die for Senate Republicans to stand up to the NRA and take action?
Looking forward to joining SEIU at the UnionsForAll Summit this afternoon to talk about my plans to protect and strengthen Americas unions and rebuild the middle class. Tune in:
This is who Donald Trump is. A president who abuses the power of the Oval Office to win re-election, turns his back on the fight for democracy in Hong Kong, and puts his own self-interest above the public good. We have to show the world who we are.
Extreme risk laws save lives. Period. As president, I will incentivize states to adopt these important laws to help keep guns out of dangerous hands. Read my full plan to end our gun violence epidemic:
It's clear President Trump doesn't care about the farmers and manufacturers being crushed by his reckless trade warjust this week, workers were laid off in the Quad Cities. Enough. As president, I will end these failed policies and put American workers first.
Im not surprised President Trump asked foreign governments for help to beat me and that his special interest friends are spending millions to attack me. But we can't let the lies, smears, and distortions distract us from what's at stake in this
The idea of Donald Trump attacking anyones integrity is a joke.
Our children should not have to worry about their safety at school. Enough is enough. We must take action to end our gun violence epidemic.
You should need to pass a background check to buy a gun. Period. I will enact universal background check legislation and close loopholes that allow guns to fall into the wrong hands. Read my full plan to end gun violence:
Mr. President, you cannot extort foreign governments to help you win re-election. Its an abuse of power. It violates your oath of office. And it jeopardizes our national security. I know you want to rig the primary and pick your opponent, but Im not going anywhere.
Were going to do more than just beat President Trump were going to beat him like a
All the progress we've made on domestic violence and sexual assault has been because of people like Bonnie Campbell. Grateful for her kind words in reflecting on the history of the Violence Against Women Act.
I will put the integrity of my whole career in public service to this nation up against President Trump's long record of lying, cheating, and stealing any day of the
Because of the courage and determination of folks like GabbyGiffords and groups like AMarch4OurLives, the fight for gun safety reform has gone from a cause to a movement. We will end our gun violence epidemic together.
President Trump broke his promise to America's farmers. He campaigned on having their backs, but now his administration is abandoning them and claiming family farms might not survive. I will expand opportunities for our farmers not count them out.
years ago, Thurgood Marshall became the first African American Supreme Court Justice. A legal giant in the struggle for civil rightshe relentlessly pushed America closer to our promise of liberty, equality, and justice for all. His voice forever changed the course of history.
En el , el senador Feinstein y yo dirigimos la lucha para prohibir las armas de fuego para asalto y las revistas de alta capacidad. Luchamos contra el NRA y los vencimos. Como presidente, volver a prohibir estas armas de guerra. Las sacaremos de nuestras calles.
In , Senator Feinstein and I led the fight to ban assault weapons and high-capacity magazines. We took on the NRA and got it done. As president, Ill ban these weapons of war once again. We will get them off our streets.
I'm about to take the stage at the GunSafety Forum in Las Vegas to discuss my track record of taking on the NRA and my new plan to end our gun violence epidemic. Read the full plan at and then watch live:
This is not how an American president should act.
Thoughts and prayers won't end our gun violence epidemic. We need courage, and we need leadership. It's past time we take on the NRA and pass common-sense gun safety reform. Today, I released my plan to end our gun violence epidemic:
. DrBiden and I are sending our best wishes to BernieSanders, Jane, and the whole Sanders family. Anyone who knows Bernie understands what a force he is. We are confident that he will have a full and speedy recovery and look forward to seeing him on the trail soon.
President Trump is morally unfit to lead our country.
President Trump asked a foreign government to interfere in our elections, and now he's spending $10 million on attack ads against me. It's clear that he is trying to influence the primary and pick his opponent. Why? Because he knows Ill beat him like a drum.
Weapons of war have no place on our streets. We must take on the NRA and ban assault weapons and high-capacity magazines. Ive done it before, and Ill do it again in the White
One of my favorite parts of debate night has become meeting our contest winners from around the country. God love ya, JoAnne. Thanks for coming to Houston. Enter for your chance to join me at the next Democratic debate:
The brave people of Hong Kong deserve the full support of the United States as they demand the civil liberties and autonomy promised to them. Violent suppression is unacceptable. The world is watching.
President Trump works for the NRA. Ill work for the American people.
Two years ago, we watched in horror as precious lives were cut short in the deadliest mass shooting in modern US history. As we remember those we lost in Las Vegas, we must honor them with action. We cannot let the scourge of gun violence tear our communities apart any longer.
Wonder why President Trump is lying about me? It's because he knows that I will beat him like a drum. Chip in $5 before tonights public fundraising deadline to help us defeat Donald Trump and stop the outrageous lying and cheating he engages in:
Being middle class isnt a number. Its a value set. Its about the issues that matter to every American family: a good education, economic opportunity, access to quality, affordable health care. We've got to rebuild the middle class and, this time, ensure everyone comes along.
Harris County Deputy Sandeep Dhaliwal was a hero and a trailblazer who selflessly served his community every day. DrBiden and I are keeping his family and loved ones in our hearts.
Grateful for the leadership of fred_guttenberg for finding purpose in tragedy. We will beat the NRA and end our gun violence
President Trump is trying to hijack this election. We cannot let him get away with it.
We can combat climate change. We can end our gun violence epidemic. We can ensure every American has access to quality, affordable health care. Its all within our reach if we unite this country. Theres not a single thing we cannot do together.
We must end this epidemic of violence against the transgender community especially trans women of color. Its up to all of us to stand up and give hate no safe harbor. Every American deserves to live open, proud, free and without fear.
Lets be clear, this attack is designed to weaken our unions and take away workers voices on the job. Its wrong. I stand with Alaskas public employees.
The science is clear: we cannot wait to take action on climate change. On day one, Ill take unprecedented steps to rally the world and tackle this crisis head on. We can and will solve this together.
On Monday, $255 million in funding expires for historically black colleges and universities and minority-serving institutions. Senate Republicans need to pass the FUTUREAct now. Our students and educators cannot afford to wait.
President Trump is trying to hijack this election to distract from how he has turned his back on America's families: sabotaging our health care, prioritizing tax cuts for the super-wealthy, and rolling back our progress on climate change. We won't let him get away with it.
To everyone in the Jewish community, DrBiden and I wish you a very happy, healthy, and sweet New Year.
The Trump Administration is responsible for the largest reduction in federally protected land its wrong. As president, I will reverse President Trump's actions and protect our precious federal lands for generations to come. NationalPublicLandsDay
We need to take the next step in improving our nations health care system. The Affordable Care Act was an historic first step we need to build on it, not start from scratch. Ill protect and build on Obamacare to ensure everyone has access to affordable, quality health care.
It is long past time to address the devastating effects of climate change. As president, I will take action against those who knowingly harm our environment.
Its clear we are in a battle for the soul of this nation. Its time to pick our heads up and show the world who we are. We are the United States of America there is nothing beyond our capacity.
Yesterday in Las Vegas, we discussed the crucial need to address the gun violence epidemic. Folks, its time to pass common-sense gun safety legislation. Ive beaten the NRA twice and as president, Ill do it
Donald Trump has turned his back on Americas families. Its time we rewarded work, not just
In America, health care should be a right for all. But time and again, President Trump has made it harder for underrepresented and underserved communities to access the affordable, quality health care they need. It's shameful, and as president, I will reverse his
We are not a country that detains migrant children indefinitely or denies them access to soap, toothbrushes, or beds. We are a country that welcomes those in search of a better lifethe tired, the poor, the huddled masses yearning to breathe free. Trump doesn't get that.
If those in power don't take action to end our gun violence epidemic, we must vote them out. Period.
I remember when we had a president our children could look up
I believe our elections should be decided by the American people not foreign governments.
Let's be clear, President Trump is trying to hijack this election. This isnt a Democratic issue or a Republican issue. This is a national
Its been days since UAW workers started their strike to fight for higher wages, good benefits, and their fair share of the profits. Its time for GM to come to the bargaining table with a fair offer that ends the strike and gets its workers back on the
Every American deserves access to quality, affordable health careregardless of the state they live in. We can't let President Trump continue to work with states to undermine Medicaid and prevent low-income Americans from accessing health
Every day it becomes clearer, the core values of our nation our very democracy are at risk with President Trump in the White House. We must hold Trump accountable. We cannot let him get away with shredding our Constitution.
I want America to be the envy of the world
Income inequality is on the rise across the country made worse by President Trumps tax cuts for the super-wealthy. We've got to rebuild the middle class and, this time, well make sure everyone comes along.
We have a President who believes there is no limit to his power, who believes he can do anything and get away with it, and who believes he is above the law. This isnt a Democratic issue or a Republican issue. This is a national issue.
If I am elected President, I guarantee you I will protect your family's health care as if it were my own. Because it's
Enjoyed sitting down with jimmykimmel to talk about whats at stake in this election and the urgent need to make Donald Trump a one-term president. Tune in to JimmyKimmelLive tonight!
Donald Trump pressured Ukraine to manufacture a smear against a domestic political opponent the transcript made that clear. Its an abuse of power that violates the oath of office and undermines our democracy. Congress must hold him accountable.
Across the country, health care premiums are rising because of President Trump. His attempts to tear down Obamacare have rattled the insurance marketplace and driven up costs for hardworking Americans. It's
President Trumps travel banthe Muslim banremains one of his most egregious attacks on our core values. Spewing the politics of fear & slandering an entire religious community as complicit in terrorism is wrong & goes against everything we stand for. We must overturn the ban.
Our president put personal politics above his sacred oath. The House must do its job and hold Donald Trump to account for his abuse of power. I will do mine, making my case for a presidency that will mean real help for those in our country who need it
Inspired by the courage and tenacity of GretaThunberg. She is right we cannot fail future generations any longer. We must take urgent, drastic action to address the climate emergency before its too late.
El derecho al voto es el derecho ms sagrado como estadounidense, y depende de nosotros hacer que se escuche nuestra voz en cada eleccin. Dirgete a para registrarte para votar y envalo a cinco amigos para que tambin se registren.
President Trump cut outreach programs that help people get health insurance coverage. At every turn, he has sabotaged the ACA and made it harder for Americans to access health care. It's wrong. I'll protect and build on Obamacare to ensure everyone receives the care they
Pressuring the leader of another nation to investigate a political opponent to help win an election is not the conduct of an American
President Trump's actions are an abuse of power. They undermine our national security. They violate the oath of office. If we allow a President to get away with shredding the United States Constitution that will last forever.
The right to vote is the most sacred American right there is and its up to all of us to make our voices heard in every election. Head to to register to vote and then send it to five friends to get them registered. NationalVoterRegistrationDay
Obamacare was, and is, a big deal. It covered million additional Americans and protects over million people with pre-existing conditions. We can't let President Trump and congressional Republicans tear it down. Add your name if you agree:
The pay gap that Native women face due to both their gender and the color of their skin is unacceptable. We must right these wrongs and close the gender pay gap once and for all. NativeWomensEqualPay
Un verano. tiroteos masivos. Incontables vidas truncadas. No podemos seguir as. Ya es hora de que nos enfrentemos al NRA, aprobemos la legislacin sobre seguridad de armas y terminemos con nuestra epidemia de violencia.
Ive seen firsthand how hard Americas teachers and support staff work with little support and few resources. They deserve better. Im proud to support Chicagos educators as they fight for fair wages, full staffing, and smaller class sizes.
Amy, you have nothing to be ashamed of and every reason to be proud. Living open and free is a daily act of bravery bravery that resides in your heart and in the hearts of LGBTQ people around the world. Im proud to have you on our team. BiVisibilityDay
I always enjoy attending the PolkDems SteakFry, but the energy that TeamJoe brought this year made it my favorite one yet. Thank you for a great weekend, Iowa!
One summer. mass shootings. Countless lives cut short. We cannot go on like this. Its past time we take on the NRA, pass common-sense gun safety legislation, and end our gun violence epidemic.
Wishing a happy birthday to the rock and roll legend, springsteen. Your ability to connect with everyday Americans and the issues they face is unrivaled. We are all better off because of your talent, your passion, and your voice.
So release the transcript of the call then.
President Trump and congressional Republicans will stop at nothing to repeal Obamacare. Weve seen how close theyve comejust one vote away. We cant give them another chance. I'll protect and build on Obamacare to ensure everyone has access to quality, affordable health
Republicans should never have allowed the ban on assault weapons and high-capacity magazines to expire. As president, Ill take on the NRA once again to ban these weapons of war and get them off our streets.
Tonight, you made history, theebillyporter. And as you did it, you reminded us that there is so much more that unites us than divides us. You blazed a trail that will mean so much to so many young people who can now imagine themselves standing on that stage because of you.
Its time we start rewarding work, not just wealth. America's workers deserve better. Im proud to stand in solidarity with
Im running for president to restore the backbone of this country the middle class. And this time, everyone is going to come along.
We must take action to end the gun violence epidemic. Enough is enough.
Lets be clear, Donald Trump pressured a foreign government to interfere in our elections. It goes against everything the United States stands for. We must make him a one-term president.
Today, I proudly stood alongside UAW members on strike in Kansas City as they fight for a fair contract. Everything that defines a middle class life is because of unions fighting for worker protections. I stand with you, and America stands with
We're going to beat Donald Trump. Like a drum. Join us:
Ill protect and build on Obamacare to ensure every American has access to affordable, quality health care. With my plan, if you like your private insurance, you can keep it.
Im even more optimistic about the future of our country than I was as a -year-old in the Senate. We are the United States of America together, there is nothing we cant
America was built by hard-working, ordinary people doing extraordinary things. Its time we start rewarding work, not just wealth.
Desperate Donald Trump knows that I can beat him, so now hes enlisting the help of a foreign government once again. Its an abuse of power and violates every basic norm of the presidency. We cannot give him four more years in the White House.
There's a lot at 'steak' in this election.
Not a joke, TeamJoe is strong in Iowa.
Stopped by BidenFest to thank folks for their support before today's SteakFry!
Eight. Thats how many times Donald Trump asked a foreign leader to investigate me and my family. Why? Because he knows I'll beat him like a
It's wrong what GM is doing to its workers they deserve better. I'm proud to stand in solidarity with UAW members on strike as they fight for fair wages, good benefits, and their hard-earned share of the profits.
Happy Homecoming, Delaware State University! Im biased, but you are the greatest HBCU in the country.
Today is a day to celebrate Armenias democratic progress and to honor Armenias history. That history is not complete unless we recognize, once and for all, the Metz Yeghernthe Armenian
Before tonight's LGBTQforum in Iowa, I shared why I believe everybody deserves to be treated with dignity and respect under the law regardless of who they are or whom they
LGBTQ rights are the civil rights issue of our time. For all the hard-won progress made in the fight for equality, and for as much as we can celebrate how much better things have gotten, this fight is not over. Im proud to stand by those who fight for it every
Today, I am back in the Hawkeye State, discussing the issues that impact the lives of LGBTQ Americans at the IowaForum. Tune in live:
If these reports are true, then there is truly no bottom to President Trumps willingness to abuse his power and abase our
Today, we remember and honor our nation's prisoners of war and those still missing in action. We have an obligation to fulfill our national promise to our military service members and their families to bring all our heroes home. You are not forgotten. POWMIARecognitionDay
Last Friday, on the th anniversary of VAWA, DrBiden delivered a powerful message and reminded us that theres so much more to do. Thank you to UNHSHARPP for the important work you do every day to support women at UNH.
Saddened to hear of the passing of Maurice Ferr the father of modern-day Miami. A trailblazer and a true public servant, he paved the way for others as the first Hispanic mayor of Miami. He will be deeply missed. Jill and I are keeping his loved ones in our hearts.
Hace dos aos, el huracn Mara toc tierra en Puerto Rico, devastando la isla y robando la vida de miles. En ese momento en que nuestros compatriotas necesitaron ms ayuda, el presidente Trump les
Two years ago, Hurricane Maria made landfall in Puerto Rico devastating the island and killing thousands. At a time when our fellow Americans needed help the most, President Trump failed
Inspired by the courage and determination of young people across the world as they take to the streets for todays ClimateStrike. Climate change is an existential threat that we cannot wait to address. It's up to all of us to take actionfuture generations are counting on us.
From Universal Pre-K to fighting for raising the minimum wage, BilldeBlasio has a record of taking on the important issues we face as a nation. Thank you for running a campaign focused on lifting up working families.
. DrBiden and I are thinking of everyone in Texas affected by Tropical Depression Imelda. Please follow the instructions of local authorities and take all necessary precautions to stay safe during this flooding.
Our students deserve better than four more years of Donald Trump and Betsy DeVos.
We started ItsOnUs with the goal of ending the epidemic of sexual violence on our college campuses. Im proud of the progress weve made, but we have further to go. As we celebrate YearsOfItsOnUs, we must recommit to rooting out the toxic culture once and for all.
Wealthy special interests and corporations have dominated our politics for far too long. Its time we overturn Citizens United and create a public financing system for our elections.
Siempre estuve orgulloso de servir junto al presidente Obama, pero nunca ms que cuando aprobamos la Ley del Cuidado de Salud a Bajo Costo. Como presidente, proteger y ampliar Obamacare para garantizar que cada estadounidense reciba la atencin mdica que
I was proud to serve alongside President Obama every day, but never more so than when we passed the Affordable Care Act. As president, Ill protect and build on Obamacare to ensure every American receives the health care they deserve:
South Carolina is one of only five states without a hate crime law. But this week, SteveBenjaminSC and the Columbia City Council stood up and declared that hatred and bigotry have no place in their city.
Jill and I are heartbroken at the passing of Dr. Emily Clyburn. She was a remarkable woman an activist and community leader, a true partner throughout Jim's career in public office. Jim and the entire Clyburn family are in our hearts during this time of
Its past time we ban assault weapons and high-capacity magazines. We must get these weapons of war out of our communities.
Im more optimistic about Americas future today than I was when I was first elected to the Senate as a -year-old kid. Theres not a single thing we cannot do if we do it together.
We need a president who believes in science over fiction. As president, I will fight for rigorous fuel economy standards that protect our health, our environment, and our economy.
Donald Trump continues his relentless effort to roll back the hard-fought progress we made in the Obama-Biden Administration. Higher auto emission standards make the air we all breathe cleaner, keep us healthierand keep our auto industry competitive in the global marketplace.
When domestic abusers have easy access to guns, the result can be fatal. Gov. Sununu should work with the NH legislature to keep guns out of the hands of abusers. I wrote & passed the Violence Against Women Act. Ive taken on the NRA twice and as president, Ill do it again.
Another school year is starting. Another month of Senate Republicans inaction on gun violence. This powerful ad from my friends sandyhook captures the physical and emotional consequences of that inaction.
When I talk about our gun violence epidemic, Im not only talking about the tragic mass shootings that make national news. Im also talking about the shootings that occur every day in communities across the nation like Wilmington, Delaware. We must take on the NRA and end this.
No one should be fired simply because of who they are or who they love. We must pass the Equality Act and ensure LGBTQ Americans are treated with the dignity and respect they deserve.
I can promise you that no one will work harder to earn the support of every Amtrak
Americas unions and workers are standing up and demanding better. Together, we will rebuild the great American middle class and ensure every worker receives the pay and benefits they deserve.
Grateful for all the support at last nights Galivants Ferry Stump in South Carolina! Its time we get up, come together as a nation, and lead the world once again. Because theres not a single thing we cannot do
Our firefighters and teachers should not be paying a higher tax rate than someone making $50 million a year. Weve got to repeal President Trumps tax cuts for the super-wealthy and create a tax code that works for the middle class.
This afternoon, Im joining PhillyAFLCIO at the Workers2020 Summit to discuss how a Biden administration will rebuild Americas middle class and strengthen the right to organize and collectively bargain. Tune in:
Cokie Roberts was a pioneer. Relentless in her pursuit of the truth and steadfast in her commitment to breaking down barriers for women in journalismour country is better because of it. DrBiden and I send our prayers to her loved ones at this time.
Thank you, South Carolina, for a great evening at the Galivants Ferry Stump. As I discussed last night, weve got to rebuild Americas middle class. That starts with repealing President Trumps tax cuts for the super-wealthy and rewarding work not just
Its always good to be back at the Galivants Ferry Stump!
days into . mass shootings. We cannot go on like this.
Americas farmers continue to pay the price for President Trumps reckless trade war. He thinks hes being tough, but its easy to act tough when someone else is feeling the pain. As president, Ill stand up to China and help working families.
It is only with persistent effort, fortitude in our actions, and faith in ourselves and the future that change comes. Its never easy. But I know theres nothing we cant accomplish if we stand together as
Hate only hides, it doesn't go away. We have not relegated white supremacy and racism to the pages of history. But the greatness of this nation has always been, and must continue to be, that we still strive to.
Being a nation of immigrants is one of America's greatest strengths. It doesn't matter where your family comes from we're bound by the same ideals and made up of the same grit and determination to
We have not relegated racism and white supremacy to the pages of history. Lynch mobs, arsonists, bomb makers, and lone gunmen. We must give hate no safe
Los Estados Unidos es una idea que se ha fortalecido a travs de las contribuciones nicas de la comunidad hispana. Dnde estaramos sin la juez Sonia Sotomayor, Csar Chvez, HildaSolis, Dolores Huerta y otros que han mejorado nuestro mundo? HerenciaHispana
America is an idea that has grown stronger through the unique contributions of Hispanic communities. Where would we be without Justice Sonia Sotomayor, Csar Chvez, HildaSolis, Dolores Huerta and others who have changed our world for the better? HispanicHeritageMonth
A job is about a lot more than a paycheck. It's about dignity and respect. Proud to stand with UAW to demand fair wages and benefits for their members. America's workers deserve better.
We are in a battle for the soul of this nation. And at the historic th Street Baptist church, theres no more powerful reminder of whats at stake. And no more poignant example of what is demanded of us in
Today, we honor Addie Mae, Cynthia, Carole, Denise, and recommit to defeating the poisonous ideology of white supremacy that lit the fuse at the th Street Baptist
Im speaking in Birmingham, Alabama, at the th St. Baptist Church memorial service. Join me in honoring those we lost:
At :00 AM ET, Ill be speaking at the th Street Baptist Church memorial service to commemorate the lives we lost years ago. Join me in honoring Addie Mae, Cynthia, Carole, and Denise:
Gun violence tragedies are not inevitable. Together, we can end this epidemic.
So great to visit the Ernest S. Sterling Student Life Center at Texas Southern University. Thanks for letting me join you for lunch. Go Tigers!
Tomorrow, Ill be in Birmingham, Alabama, to remember the lives we lost years ago in the th Street Baptist Church bombing. Join me in honoring Addie Mae, Cynthia, Carole, and Denise at :00 AM ET.
Obamacare fue un gran avance: proporcion protecciones a ms de millones de estadounidenses con afecciones preexistentes. No podemos parar all. Como presidente proteger y expandir Obamacare para garantizar que todos tengamos acceso a atencin mdica asequible y de calidad.
Obamacare was a huge step forwardproviding protections to over million Americans with pre-existing conditions. We cant stop there. As president, Ill protect & build on Obamacare to ensure every American has the peace of mind that comes with quality, affordable health care.
My North Star as president will be rebuilding the backbone of this country the middle class. And this time, we'll make sure everyone comes along.
Debemos hacer todo lo que est a nuestro alcance para abordar la emergencia climtica. Como presidente, trabajar para convertirnos en una economa de energa limpia con emisiones netas cero para el . Volveremos a liderar el mundo en la lucha contra el cambio climtico.
We must do everything in our power to address the climate emergency. As president, Ill put America on course to become a % clean energy economy with net-zero emissions by . We will lead the world in the fight against climate change once again.
Im running for president because we are in a battle for the soul of this nation. Its time for us to pick our heads up and remember who we are this is the United States of America. Theres not a single thing we cant do.
years ago this week, Senator Feinstein and I led the charge to ban assault weapons and high-capacity magazines. We beat the NRA and got it done. As president, Ill do it once again. We will get these military-style weapons off our
years ago, the Violence Against Women Act was signed into law, forever changing the culture around sexual assault and domestic violence in our nation. It's one of my proudest accomplishments. There's still more work to be doneand it's on all of us to finish the job.
Ive learned that the way you deal with loss is by finding purpose purpose in what you do.
'Nothing about VAWA was easy or uncontroversial. It took four years from when I first introduced the bill in until it passed.' Read my full op-ed on the th anniversary of the Violence Against Women Act:
At last nights DemDebate, I discussed my vision for the country and how I'll deliver tangible progress on the most pressing issues facing working families. I refuse to postpone American possibilities any longer. Theres enormous opportunity once we get rid of Donald
I just stepped off the DemDebate stage, where I laid out why Im the only candidate who can take big progressive policies and create tangible results for working families. If you liked what you heard, help us keep this momentum going by pitching in:
Thats all we have for tonight, folks! Thanks for following along. Make sure to follow TeamJoe to stay up-to-date on whats happening on the campaign. DemDebate
We need a president who can deliver progress on the most pressing issues facing Americans. Joe Biden will be that president. DemDebate
There was only one candidate onstage who has the experiencefrom Scranton, PA, to the White Houseto hit the ground running as President. And that candidate is Joe Biden. DemDebate
There was only one candidate onstage who helped createand then signeda Pledge for Election Integrity, promising to use no disinformation or tolerate outside interference in the election or our democracy. DemDebate
There was only one candidate onstage who stood at President Obamas side to lead a nation out of a recession and put middle-class Americans back to work. DemDebate
There was only one candidate onstage who has flipped a Senator's vote to help pass once-in-a-century health care reform. DemDebate
Ten candidates took the stage tonight. But there was only one candidate onstage who has defeated the NRA twice and passed an assault weapons ban. DemDebate
The American people know Joe Biden.
It could take years before we get to Medicare for All. We can't wait people need help now and hope now.
K-12 education isnt enough. Many parents dont have access to early educational resources for their kids. A Biden administration will provide Universal Pre-K, to help ensure that no childs future is determined by their zip code, parents income, race, or disability. DemDebate
We must invest in resources that support our students' physical and emotional health. A Biden administration will double the number of psychologists, counselors, nurses, social workers, and other health professionals in our schools.
There will be no better advocates in the White House for our students and educators than Joe and Jill Biden. Read our full plan for educators, students, and our future:
Throughout his career, Joe Biden has: Fought redlining. Fought school lines drawn to keep races & classes separate. Fought to put public housing in white neighborhoods. Fought for more resources to prosecute hate crimes. DemDebate
Its important to have a plan that meets the urgency of this climate crisis. But its going to take more than plansits going to take leadership. Biden has the relationships with key foreign leaders and the experience to get this done. DemDebate
Joe Biden knows how to rally the world to meet the climate crisis because hes done it before. Biden worked alongside President Obama to get the worldincluding Chinato agree to the Paris Accord; and he will be prepared on day one of his presidency to push beyond those goals.
It's past time to end the war in Afghanistan. Joe Biden has long believed that we should narrow our focus to counter-terrorism operations. We can't keep spending tens of billions of dollars every year to sustain a stalemate. DemDebate
If we don't write the rules to protect American labor and the environment, China willand not in a way that advances our values. When it comes to trade, we've got to work with alliesnot against them. DemDebate
For a socialist, Senator Sanders has a lot of confidence in corporate America.
The Obama-Biden Administration did NOT prosecute asylum seekers, or those coming here in search of opportunity. DemDebate
The Obama-Biden Administration did NOT terrorize families and indiscriminately target people who had lived here for years. DemDebate
The Obama-Biden Administration did not conduct workplace raidsin fact, it ended them. DemDebate
Attempts to compare President Trump and President Obama on immigration are far-fetched. DemDebate
Time and again, weve seen communities ripped apart by Americas gun violence epidemic. Enough is enough. It needs to end. As president, Biden will tackle this public health crisis.
After people serve their time, they should have an opportunity to earn a good life and contribute to our country. Joes plan will help give treatment, job training and education opportunities to people both during and after incarceration.
We are tearing communities apart through mass incarceration. That's why the Biden administration would reform the criminal justice system by: Reducing our prison population Eliminating racial disparities Making our communities safer Learn more:
Theres enormous opportunity once we get rid of Donald Trump.
Senator Sanders' Medicare for All plan would require raising taxes on the middle class. Joe Biden: 'There will be a deductiblein your paycheck.' DemDebate
Senator Sanders thinks corporations will give the money they would have spent on health care back to their workers. DemDebate Joe
'I know the Senator said she's for Bernie. I'm for Barack.'
% of Democrats support protecting and building on Obamacare with a public option like Medicare.
Senators Sanders and Warren would put an end to the employer-sponsored and union-negotiated plans that more than million Americans currently have. That's a non-starter for us. DemDebate
Lets get the facts straight: Medicare for All will cost x more than Joe Bidens health care planand it will be paid for in part by raising taxes on the middle class.
Hey everyone TeamJoe here! Were taking over to keep you updated on all the things happening at tonights DemDebate. Make sure to follow along and cheer on Joe!
Ready.
Helplessly watching your child deal with a life or death condition is one of the worst things a parent can go through. Jill and I are so glad to hear Sadie is doing well, Bakari_Sellers, and our prayers are with your family as she recovers.
President Trumps decision to take billions from the military to build his wall is an unabashed abuse of power. It endangers the American people and forfeits investments in our future, security, and children all to score political points.
The Trump Administration is denying Temporary Protected Status to Bahamians escaping the devastation of Hurricane Dorian. Its heartless and goes against everything we stand for as a nation. The cruelty of this administration truly knows no bounds.
Barack Obama was a great president. We dont say that
Beth James is strong, courageous, and resilient. Her story is the story of millions of women all across this country. Its why I worked so hard to pass the Violence Against Women Act and its why Im committed to changing the toxic culture that still pervades our society
All workers deserve the right to bargain for good wages, benefits and working conditionsincluding gig workers. That is why I'm pleased the CA Legislature passed AB5. As president, I will enact a federal law to ensure gig workers get the full protections they deserve.
Climate change doesnt only threaten our environment it threatens our economy, health, and national security. We must take urgent action to address this crisis before its too late.
Each /11, we remember that resilience and courage live in the hearts of all Americansespecially our brave first responders. years later, we reaffirm that Americans will never bend to terrorism, and we will never forget those we lost.
La fuerza de los Estados Unidos est y siempre ha estado arraigada en nuestra diversidad. Los inmigrantes siempre nos han hecho ms fuertes. Donald Trump no entiende eso.
Americas strength is and has always been rooted in our diversity. Immigrants have always made us stronger. Donald Trump doesnt get that.
Puerto Rico an se est recuperando de la devastacin del huracn Mara. Ahora, en lugar de apoyar la reconstruccin, Trump est desviando $400 millones de dlares para su construir su muro que estaban planificados para proyectos militares en Puerto Rico. Es inaceptable.
Puerto Rico is still rebuilding from the devastation of Hurricane Maria. Now, instead of supporting the recovery, President Trump is defunding $400 million in planned military projects in Puerto Rico to build his wall. It's unacceptable.
JoAnne, the good news is the bad news: you won the contest, and you're coming to Houston with me. Grateful for JoAnne's support and that of our incredible
South Carolina lawmakers are rushing through an extreme law that is a direct violation of a womans constitutional right to choose. Its wrong, its dangerous, and we must fight it. This decision should remain between a woman and her doctor.
million people gained coverage under Obamacare. But after countless attacks on the law by the Trump Administration, the uninsured rate increased for the first time since leaving an additional million people uninsured. As president, I'll defend and build on the ACA.
There is no distinction between mental health and physical health its health. On WorldSuicidePreventionDay, we must recommit to eliminating the stigma around mental health and ensuring everyone has access to the care they need.
Its Election Day in NC09 grab a friend and get out and vote for McCreadyForNC. Polls are open until :30 PM, and you can find your polling place here:
I support McCreadyForNC because of his honorable service to our nation & because of his values: he'll fight to protect North Carolinians health care & take on prescription drug companies. If his opponent has his way, people in NC09 stand to lose their health coverage.
Weve got to choose science over fantasy and that starts with getting rid of this administration.
Every American deserves to retire with dignity. But today, too many people especially older Americans cannot afford their prescription drugs. I sat down with AARP to discuss how Ill stand up to the abuse of power by drug corporations and lower costs for Americans.
Im still fired up from the incredible energy at the NHDems2020 convention. Thank you to everyone from TeamJoe who came out to show your support!
Hurricane Dorian devastated the Bahamas, leaving nearly people homeless. Its our moral responsibility to do everything we can to help Bahamians not turn them away. This isnt who we are.
With Congress back in session, passing gun safety legislation should be the first order of business. Its past time for Mitch McConnell and Senate Republicans to stand up to the NRA and take concrete action to end our gun violence epidemic.
Young Americans are especially worried about climate change and know it is not just a domestic priority it's a foreign policy one. I agree. And I'm ready to tackle this on day one.
Im inspired by John and grateful for his support. My message to him is clear: never give up and never let it define
Mexico isnt paying for the wall. American military families are. China isnt paying for the tariffs. American farmers and manufacturers are. The American people continue to foot the bill for President Trumps senseless political games.
The deadliest mass shootings all have one thing in common: assault weapons. Its past time we get these weapons of war off our streets. Ive banned them before, and Ill ban them again in the White House.
As president, Ill invest in our K-12 schools to eliminate the funding gap between majority white and non-white districts, and rich and poor districts. No childs future should be determined by their zip code, parents income, or race.
Everybody knows who Donald Trump is. We have to let them know who we are. We choose hope over fear. Unity over division. Science over fiction. And truth over lies.
Obamacare prohibits insurers from denying coverage for the million Americans with pre-existing conditions. President Trump wants to gut the ACA and tear that protection away. We cant forget that.
It's time we reward work, not just
The TeamJoe energy outside of the NHDems2020 convention was incredible!
Stopped by to say hello to TeamJoe before this mornings NHDems2020 convention. Thank you for all your hard work! Keep it going!
Thank you to everyone who joined us in Laconia and New Castle. As I discussed this evening, weve got to do everything in our power to end this gun violence epidemic. That starts with passing universal background checks and banning assault weapons and high-capacity
Las polticas de inmigracin del presidente Trump son un asalto a la dignidad humana y todo lo que representamos como nacin. Por esto hay que acabar con ellas.
President Trumps immigration policies are an assault on human dignity and everything we stand for as a nation. We must end them.
This is the United States of America. There is not a single thing we have not been able to accomplish once we set our minds to it. Together, we can and will meet the challenge of this climate
The Iran Deal put Iran's nuclear program in a box. Trump walked away from the deal, and now Iran is advancing its program. This is another reminder that Trump's manufactured crisis is making the U.S., the region, and our world less safe.
The fight against cancer is personal for me like it is for so many Americans. Its why Im committed to ending cancer as we know
America has stood as a beacon of hope for generations. Now, President Trump wants to slam the door in the face of those fleeing persecution. It's cruel and damages our global standing. I'll ensure we meet our responsibility as a nation to the world's most vulnerable people.
We all have a responsibility to stand up and speak out when we see abuse of power. Silence is
President Trump stokes the flames of hatred, coddles white nationalists with messages of support, and preys on our deepest divisions. If we give him four more years in the White House, he will forever alter the character of our nation. We cant let that happen.
I always enjoy sitting down to chat with my friend StephenAtHome. Check out a few of my favorite moments from the
President Trump is dead wrong on climate change. Weve got to choose science over fantasy and treat it like the existential threat that it is. As president, I would rally the world to take unprecedented action. There would be no empty chair at the
Hace dos aos, el presidente Trump intent terminar con DACA, obligando a nuestros DREAMers a vivir con miedo y caos. Es cruel. Los soadores son estadounidenses. Es hora de que el Congreso cumpla con nuestra promesa y les proporcione un camino hacia la ciudadana.
Two years ago, President Trump attempted to end DACAthrowing lives into chaos & forcing our DREAMers to live in fear as the Supreme Court decides their fate. It's cruel. DREAMers are Americans. It's time for Congress to keep our promise to them & provide a path to citizenship.
Despite what the NRA says, the assault weapons ban that SenFeinstein and I championed worked. It saved lives. Ill ban assault weapons and high-capacity magazines once again. We will get these weapons of war off our streets.
Last night, StephenAtHome asked me what the defining factor was in my decision to run for president. My answer was clear:
Thanks for having me on, jimmykimmel!
Its critical to have a plan to combat climate change, but its going to take more than plans its going to take leadership. I have the experience and relationships necessary to rally the world to meet the urgency of this climate crisis.
Thats all we have for tonights CNN ClimateTownHall! Make sure to follow TeamJoe to stay up-to-date on everything happening on the campaign.
Joe Biden grounded his plan in the science in what the worlds leading climatologists and the UN tells us we need to achieve. It provides a comprehensive path forward on how to address the most pressing issue of our time.
Under Joe Bidens plan for a clean energy revolution and environmental justice, we will: Achieve a % clean energy economy and net-zero emissions by Rejoin the ParisAgreement on day one and rally the world to go further Stand up to polluters
President Trump continues to: Deny the science in front of his own eyes Attack the progress made by the Obama-Biden Administration Spew lies like windmills cause cancer Defeating him is essential to making any progress on climate change. ClimateTownHall
Climate change is an urgent threat to our environment, health, economy, and national security. Theres no time for on-the-job training. We need a leader who is ready on day one and thats Joe Biden. ClimateTownHall
The clean energy economy of the future presents an enormous opportunity. President Biden will create million well-paying jobs in the United States that will grow a stronger, more inclusive middle class in communities across the country. ClimateTownHall
The Green New Deal is a crucial framework for meeting the climate challenges we face. It powerfully captures two core truths: This is an existential crisis requiring immediate, ambitious action. Our environment and economy are connected. ClimateTownHall
If Joe Biden was president, there would be no empty chair at the G-7. ClimateTownHall
We can't turn a blind eye to the way in which environmental burdens are distributed unevenly along racial and socioeconomic lines. Biden will right these wrongs and stand up to fossil fuel companies who disproportionately harm communities of color and low-income communities.
Heres the deal: Joe Biden introduced one of the first climate change bills in the Senate, and hes been at the forefront of the fight ever since. Dont just take our word for it, PolitiFact called Joe Biden a climate change pioneer. ClimateTownHall
On day one as president, Joe Biden will take action to put the United States on track to achieve a % clean energy economy and net-zero emissions no later than Because action on climate change cant wait.
Hey everyone TeamJoe here! Were taking over for tonights CNN ClimateTownHall. Well keep you updated as Joe Biden takes the stage to discuss his plans to combat climate change.
Tune in to the colbertlateshow tonight at :35 PM ET!
For too long, partisan gerrymandering has allowed politicians to rig the political process and draw districts in their favor. Voters should choose their representatives not the other way around.
Looking forward to talking with StephenAtHome about whats at stake in this election and why Im running for president. Tune in to the colbertlateshow tonight!
President Trump promised Mexico would pay for his border wall. That was never going to happen. And now hes raiding billions from our military to pay for it.
Four years of Betsy DeVos is more than enough. As president, Ill name a Secretary of Education who is actually an educator.
If those in power fail to take action on gun safety reform we must vote them out. Period.
This is an important step by Walmart, but we must go further. If we want to end our gun violence epidemic, we must start by passing universal background checks and banning assault weapons and high-capacity magazines. It's your turn to act, Senate Republicans.
As I told Pauline yesterday in Iowa, if there are any angels in heaven, they are all
In America, health care should be a right for all not a privilege for the few. My plan to protect and build on Obamacare will expand coverage, lower costs, and ensure every American receives the care they need.
I've always stood with America's unions, and as president, I'll fight alongside them to protect and strengthen the right to organize and collectively
The -hour workweek Minimum wage Overtime pay Theyre all because of unions. Its time we recognize that.
Stopped for some Dairy Queen Blizzards with the team between events in
Stopped by the Hawkeye Area Labor Council Labor Day Picnic to thank folks for their tireless work fighting for American workers. From fair wages to safe working conditions we owe our unions so
What a great few days in South Carolina. Ill be back soon!
Say thank youbecause these are the people who make America run. Not the Wall Street bankers. Not the CEOs or hedge fund managers. Ordinary people doing extraordinary things.
Say thank you to the people who build our roads and bridges. Keep our water systems working. Teach our kids and take care of the sick among us. Race into our burning buildings. Grow our food, build our cars, and pick up the garbage off our streets.
This Labor Day, when you cross paths with someone working a job that makes your day-to-day life betterand I promise you, it will happen many times todaytell them 'thank you.' Tell them you appreciate the work that they do. That it matters to you, and to your community.
This Labor Day, we celebrate the battles waged and victories won by organized labor. Unions built the great American middle class, and its time we recognize that. I promise you if Im elected president, unions will have no stronger champion in the White
Together, we will beat the NRA. We will end this gun violence epidemic.
It has been days since the House passed the bipartisan universal background check bill. Senatemajldr Mitch McConnell and the Senate should pass it immediately. Lives are at stake.
Les Gelb was a giant of American foreign policy, and several generations of thinkers and policy makers owe their success to Les' mentorship and intellectual generosity. DrBiden and I send our deepest condolences to Judy, Adam, Caroline, Alison and all his grandchildren.
Yesterday, a -month-old was shot on our streets. Its past time we take on the NRA, pass gun safety reform, and end this epidemic once and for all. We simply cannot go on like this.
Im heartbroken, sickened, & angry. Weeks after the horror in El Paso, another community in Texas has been terrorized by gun violence. Enough. We must end this epidemic. DrBiden & I send our thoughts to those affected & thank our law enforcement who responded at great risk.
Obamacare covered million additional Americans, protects over million with pre-existing conditions, and allows young adults to stay on their parents coverage until age . We cant afford to tear it down and start over. We should protect and build on it.
On Thursday, -year-old Marcus asked me an important question about President
Like all bullies, President Trump is trying to make himself seem stronger by picking on the most vulnerable among us but I would have thought even he would understand that kids with cancer were off-limits. He is morally unfit to lead this country.
Thanks for the recommendation, GovernorBullock! Id love to try it next time Im in Decorah.
Im grateful for the sacrifice Tom made in service to our country. We owe our veterans more than we could ever repay and its our sacred obligation to care for them and their families when they return
. DrBiden and I are thinking of everyone in the path of Hurricane Dorian. Please heed the warnings from authorities, take steps to prepare, and stay safe.
Our cash bail system disproportionately harms low-income folks and criminalizes poverty. Its wrong. Its time we end cash bail and reform our pretrial system by instead putting in place a system that is fair and does not inject further discrimination or bias into the process.
I am deeply disappointed that Regal Beloit chose to close its doors and lay off over workers instead of finding a resolution with the MachinistsUnion. Every worker deserves good wages, affordable health care, and strong workplace protections.
Had a great town hall in Greenville yesterday where we discussed our plans increase mental health services in schools & ensure educators are receiving the pay they deserve. Thank you for a great trip, South Carolina!
Im looking forward to taking the stage in Houston on September th for the next Democratic debate! Folks across the country are coming together and hosting parties in their communities to watch the debate. Sign up to host one in your town:
I cant believe I have to say this: We should not deport children seeking treatment in the U.S. for life-threatening illnesses.
Esta no es solo una campaa para vencer a Donald Trump - es un movimiento basado en los valores que definen nuestra nacin: la honestidad, la decencia, y el tratar a todos con dignidad y respeto, mientras le damos la espalda al odio. Eso es lo que somos como estadounidenses.
This cant just be a campaign to beat Donald Trump. This has to be a movement grounded in the values and ideals that define our nation best: honesty, decency, treating everyone with dignity and respect, and giving hate no safe harbor. Thats who we are as Americans.
Como tantos otros han dicho, la crueldad es su meta. Es su nica meta, y es lo nico que tienen para postularse: el miedo, la ira, la divisin y la crueldad. Debemos restaurar el alma de nuestra nacin.
No hay justificacin para traumatizar an ms a los nios enfermos en sus momentos ms vulnerables. Como todo abusn, Trump est acosando a los ms dbiles, pero atacar a nios con cncer y fibrosis qustica es intolerable.
No sabemos ya qu decir para condenar la inhumanidad de esta administracin que arranca nios de los brazos de sus padres y acosa a las familias en sus vecindarios. Ahora deportar a nios que estn recibiendo tratamientos de vida o muerte por afecciones graves.
President Trump has found his newest target sick children. It's
Grateful to everyone who attended our town hall at Clinton College. As I discussed this morning, we need to stand up to President Trumps constant attacks on immigrants and end his inhumane policies. Were stronger because of our diversity not in spite of
If we give Donald Trump four more years in the White House, the planet may never recover.
Hello, Clinton College!
It wasn't a setup, I
As so many others have said, cruelty is their point. It is their only point, and its all they have to run on: fear, anger, division, and cruelty. We must restore the soul of our nation.
There is no national security justification for further traumatizing sick kids at their most vulnerable. Like all bullies, Trump is purposefully targeting the little guysbut I would have thought even he would understand that kids with cancer and cystic fibrosis were off-limits.
We are running out of words to condemn the inhumanity of this administration. An administration that pulls children from the arms of their parents and stalks families in their neighborhoods will now deport children who are in life-saving treatment for dire conditions like cancer.
Our military families sacrifice everything in service to our nation. And today, the Trump Administration revoked automatic citizenship for some of their children. It's reprehensible and cruel. As president, I'll reverse it immediately.
Wrapped up our day at Limestone College. I enjoyed hearing from students about the need to reform our criminal justice system and get assault weapons off our streets. I know with these young folks at the helm, America's best days still lie
. SenGillibrand ran a strong, courageous campaign. From championing gender equality to fighting dark money in politicsSenator Gillibrand is always willing to take on the tough fights we face. I know the senator will ensure these issues stay at the center of the national debate.
years ago, the March on Washington and Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.'s I Have a Dream speech changed the course of history. As we mark the anniversary, we must reaffirm our commitment to fulfilling America's founding promise. We can't rest until justice truly rings out for
Was on the hunt for doughnuts in Spartanburg. Mission
years ago, -year-old Emmett Till was brutally murdered in Mississippi. His death sparked national outrage and served as a catalyst for the Civil Rights Movement. It serves as a reminder of the need to reject intolerance in all its forms. We must give hate no safe harbor.
He honorably served our nation in uniform and in Congress, he would make his home proud every single day. I admire Dan and am thrilled to support him.
. McCreadyForNC is precisely the kind of leader that North Carolina deserves: one who'll put country over party, who's brought jobs to his community, and who will protect coverage for those with preexisting conditions not dismantle it to cut taxes for the rich.
Thank you to everyone who came out to our town hall in Spartanburg, South Carolina! As I shared this afternoon, we need to repeal President Trumps tax cuts for the super-wealthy, make college more affordable, and rebuild Americas middle
What kind of leader taunts their own people as they prepare for a natural disaster? Puerto Rico deserves the full support and aid of our government as Hurricane Dorian approaches.
I stood before the nation years ago tonight in Denver and accepted the Democratic Partys nomination for vice president. Im still humbled by the immense trust and faith you placed in President Obama and me. Its an evening Ill never
President Trump is taking millions from FEMA disaster relief in the midst of hurricane season to further fuel the crisis at the border. It makes about as much sense as nuking hurricanes.
Roe v. Wade is settled law. State laws attacking a womans right to choose should be declared unconstitutional. This decision should remain between a woman and her doctor.
Kayden, Kristina, Jashon, Kennedi, Charnija, Myiesha, Derrel, Eddie, Xavier, Jason, Jurnee, Sentonio, children, full of so much promise, taken far too soon. It's heartbreaking. Our inaction is a moral failure.
As I told folks in Croydon, New Hampshire, weve got to unite this country. Because if we come together and remember who we are as Americans, theres not a single thing we cant
The Trump Administration continues to attack the progress the LGBTQ community has made. As president, passing the Equality Act will be a top legislative priority, because no one should be fired simply because of who they are or whom they love.
American factory workers, farmers, and consumers are the ones paying the price for President Trumps reckless trade warsnot China. To Trump, the people getting hurtlike those laid off last week in South Carolinaare just pawns in his political games.
Today, we're launching StudentsForBiden, a nationwide program for change-makers committed to organizing their campuses and making Donald Trump a one-term president. If that sounds like you, join today and let's get to work:
When it comes to meeting the existential crisis of our time, Trump has walked away from the table literally. If we give Trump four more years, the planet may never recover from his utter disregard for the climate crisis and scientific fact.
The distance Trump has put between the U.S. and the rest of the world on the issues that matter most to Americans couldn't be more clear. There is no more telling metaphor for this administration's abdication of American leadership than the empty chair at the G-7 climate meeting.
After three days, we have even more evidence of how President Trump's disastrous foreign policy has left the U.S. isolated. Rather than looking to America for vision, our closest democratic allies sought to manage and mitigate the damage Trump might do at this year's G-7.
This ad wasnt easy for me to record. Health care is personal to me. Deeply
The fact of the matter is, the greed of drug companies fueled an opioid epidemic that has ravaged communities in every corner of the country. They should be held accountable for their actions, and this is an important step.
Happy InternationalDogDay from Major and camera-shy Champ!
The fires ravaging the Amazon are devastating. The Amazon serves as the lungs of our planet and is home to an invaluable number of plants and animals found nowhere else on Earth. We must take global action to stop the destruction and support reforestation before its too late.
Im grateful that Gene shared his story. The battle against cancer is personal for me, like it is for so many Americans. But Im confident with the power of Americas best minds we will end cancer as we know
America was built on a simple proposition: all men and women are created equal. We haven't lived up to that promise for most, but haven't stopped trying. As we celebrate the th Amendment and WomensEqualityDay, we must continue our fight to truly achieve equality for all.
Its simpleeveryone has the right to live proud, open, and free. And as I said to Kevin and MichaelLGBTQ rights are civil
No one should have to choose between putting food on their table or filling their prescription. Thats why the Biden administration will stand up to prescription drug corporations and take concrete action to lower costs for Americans. Read more:
Across the country, folks like Ryan are doing the crucial work of organizing their communities and talking with neighbors about whats at stake in this election. Im so proud to have him on our team. Sign up to get involved in your community:
La emergencia climtica que enfrentamos no solo afecta nuestro medio ambiente, sino que tambin amenaza nuestra salud, seguridad nacional y bienestar econmico. Necesitamos tomar medidas urgentes y drsticas para abordarlo ya, lo que har como presidente.
Today marks years since the Senate passed a bill to ban assault weapons and high-capacity magazinesan effort I championed with Senator Feinstein The ban became law and it worked. It saved lives. As president, I will ban them once again.
John lived his life bound by a timeless code decency, respect, and civility above all else. This week, as we remember his life and service, let's honor his legacy by living out that code. I hope you'll join me and engage in ActsOfCivility.
A year ago, we lost a true patriot, a hero, and to mea friend. John McCain's character, courage, and honor made him a giant among all of us. His deep, unshakeable belief in the soul of America and our values inspired us all and provided hope to the world. I miss him every day.
Highly recommend the grilled cheese and milkshakes at Lindys Diner. Thanks for a great send-off, New Hampshire!
The climate emergency were facing not only impacts our environment it also threatens our health, national security, and economic well-being. We need to take urgent, drastic action now to address it. Thats exactly what I will do as president.
The people of Keene, New Hampshire, know that if we come together and remember who we are as Americans, theres not a single thing we cant do. Thank you to everyone who joined us this afternoon!
Im proud to stand in solidarity with CWAUnion workers who walked off the job last night. ATT must respect workers' rights, negotiate in good faith, and work to secure a fair contract.
Had the opportunity to say hello to a few of the folks who couldnt make it inside our Health Care Town Hall yesterday at Dartmouth College. Ill make sure we get a bigger room next time!
This election is not a
We have to remember who we are this is the United States of America. There is not a single thing we cannot do if we do it
Es hora de recordar quines somos. Somos estadounidenses: nos tratamos con dignidad, no dejamos a nadie atrs y no le damos cabida al odio.
Its time to remember who we are. We are Americans: We treat each other with dignity, we leave nobody behind, and we give hate no safe harbor.
New Hampshire really is Gods country. Thank you for a great evening, Croydon!
I had a great time talking with folks this week in Urbandale, Iowa. Were in a battle for the soul of this nation, and coming together with our friends and neighbors is how were going to win this
The U.S. stood with the Baltic States during the Soviet occupationtheir flags always flew in D.C., affirming America's defense of democratic values. Today, we must stand with the people of Hong Kong & ensure the U.S. remains a beacon of hope to people around the world.
years ago, million people joined hands to form the Baltic Waya chain of human determination that reached across Estonia, Latvia, and Lithuania in defiance of Soviet oppression. It wasand remainsa powerful demonstration of the irrepressible desire for freedom.
Today, demonstrators in Hong Kong, inspired by the iconic Baltic Way protest, formed a human chain to demand China live up to its promises to the people of Hong Kong. They once more showed the world the common yearning for liberty that unites us all.
It was great to be back with folks at Dartmouth College today for our Health Care Town Hall. Health care is one of the biggest issues in this election. A Biden administration will ensure health care is a right not a privilegeand give everyone the peace of mind they
A man whose erratic tweets send markets spiraling downward should not be sitting in the Oval Office.
. SethMoulton brought a vital voice to this primary, advocating for the urgent need to undo President Trumps damage abroad and restore American leadership on the world stage. His passion for and knowledge of American foreign policy are impressive and needed in Congress.
In America, every worker deserves fair treatment, safe workplaces, and the right to join a union. Period. The NABTU leaders I spoke with in Concord take up that fight for all of us every day. Thank you IBEW Local for hosting us!
President Trump continues to chip away at the progress made by the Obama-Biden Administration. This time, hes going after the rules we put in place to decrease vehicle emissions. It's backwards. We need a president who believes in climate change.
Everything workers have that define what it means to live a good lifethe -hour workweek, paid leave, health care protections, a voice in your workplace safety. Its all because of unions. Its time we recognize
We need to take action now to address our climate crisis. That starts with beating Donald Trump.
President Trump just doesn't get it he claimed his tax cuts jolted the economy and spurred hiring. He was wrong. Ill reverse his giveaway to the super-wealthy and invest in rebuilding America's middle class instead.
New Hampshire, Im heading your way to talk about our bold vision for the future of the country and how well get it done together. Head to to find an event in your community.
On Black Women's Equal Pay Day, we must recognize the cumulative discrimination black women face due to both their gender and color of their skin and renew our efforts to close the gender pay gap. When I say we have to rebuild the middle classthat means everyone comes along.
Building a more inclusive middle class is at the heart of this presidential campaign. That's why I support Culinary226 and the Station Casino workers who voted to unionize. The will of the workers must be respected and management has to come to the negotiating table immediately.
Eleven years ago, I received a phone call from President Obama asking me to be his vice president. The decision to join him and serve this country was the greatest honor of my
Firefighters face danger every day to protect our communitieswe must be there for them in their time of need. Our thoughts are with the families of Justin and Brian as the search continuesand we thank those working tirelessly to bring their brothers home.
A Democratic president will need a Democratic Senate in to reverse the damage that realDonaldTrump has done to this country. Coloradans are fortunate to have Hickenlooper in the race and continuing the fight.
. JayInslee brought an important voice to this race, arguing powerfully that climate change damages our health, national security & economy. The people of Washington are fortunate to have a Governor who fights to make their lives better now & to protect our planet for the future.
On day one, I will eliminate President Trumps decision to limit asylum and undo his executive orders that eliminated Obama-Biden enforcement priorities on national security and public safety.
It is cruel and abhorrent to strip migrant children of the few protections they have. It's not enough this administration puts children in cages without soap and beds, now it wants to keep them there indefinitely. This isn't who we are.
The super-wealthy dont need another tax cut. Period.
Today, I was glad to be back amongst friends at the IowaAFLCIO convention. These folks are the ones who built the middle class, and were going to rebuild it
Hope you had a great first day of school, DrBiden! Your students are incredibly lucky to have you as their professor. I cant wait to hear how the day went.
Because he had learned about bullies first hand, he developed a deep sense of compassion and empathy for their targets, along with a lifelong commitment to stopping them. My sister Valerie is my best friend. Read her full post here:
Donald Trump inherited a growing economy from the Obama-Biden Administration just like he inherited everything in his life. Now, hes in the process of squandering it.
Once again, President Trump has folded to the NRA and broken his promise to pursue the most modest of gun safety policies. I give you my word as a Biden: I wont rest until we pass universal background checks and ban assault weapons. We will end our gun violence
Mr. President, these comments are insulting and inexcusablejust like your previous dual loyalty insinuations. Stop dividing Americans and disparaging your fellow citizens. It may not be beneath you, but it is beneath the office you hold.
Its good to be back in Iowa! We kicked off our trip by discussing our bold vision for the future with some great folks in Warren County and Urbandale. Thank you to everyone who came
The Trump Administration has argued that migrant children held in detention centers dont need soap, toothbrushes, or beds. Now theyre refusing to provide flu vaccines after three children have already passed away in part from the flu. It is inhumane.
Our teachers and firefighters should not pay a higher tax rate than Wall Street CEOs. Thats why Ill repeal President Trumps tax cuts for the super-wealthy and close capital gains loopholes. Its time we reward work, not just wealth.
We all know in our bones that this election is different. The stakes are higher. The threat is more serious. We have to beat Donald Trump. Thats the message we lay out in our first TV ad hitting the airwaves today. Watch it
We will make Donald Trump a one-term president.
The Trump Administrations Title X rule is a direct attack on Planned Parenthood and the crucial services the organization provides. Access to health care could be taken away from millions of women. Its wrong, and as president I will reverse it.
Extremism is on the rise in America, fueled by a president who has fanned the flames of division and emboldened white nationalists and Neo-Nazis with messages of support. This is a battle for the soul of our nation, and it's on all of us to act.
Its past time for a $15 minimum wage and a real pathway to the middle class, because no one in America should work hours a week and live below the poverty level. No one.
years ago today, the th Amendment was ratifiedenshrining in our Constitution that the right to vote cannot be denied based upon sex. Today, access to the ballot box is still out of reach for too many Americansits up to every single one of us to break down the barriers.
Back in , I had the opportunity to meet with Katie and talk with her about how to overcome a learning disability. Her story has stuck with me ever since. I'm glad we were able to catch up in Iowa, and I'm so proud to hear she has graduated from school.
The truth is Obamacare was, and is, a big deal. It covered million additional Americans and protects over million people with pre-existing conditions. We cant afford to tear it down. We should protect and build on it:
Two-thirds of Americans agree that we should ban assault weapons. As president, I will take on the NRA and get it done.
The Trump Administration is trying to eliminate protections for LGBTQ workers that President Obama and I put in place. Its wrong. As president, Ill ensure every American is treated with dignity and respectregardless of who they are or who they love.
We cannot afford four more years of a president who ignores the disastrous effects of climate change. My plan for a Clean Energy Revolution & Environmental Justice will address the climate emergency & protect our communities for generations to come.
My plan to protect and build on Obamacare will not only provide coverage for uninsured Americans, but it will also make health care more affordable for those who already have coverage.
A new school year is herewe must recognize those working to prepare our students to succeed in tomorrows economy: educators. As President, I will ensure our educators are supported with the pay and dignity they deserve. Read my plan here:
Every single community should have access to clean, safe drinking water.
Lets be clear: racism and hate have no safe harbor in America. We are stronger because of our diversitynot in spite of it.
President Trump has lied to Iowa farmers at every turn. He promised to unleash ethanol but instead all hes done is secretly unleash Big Oil from its renewable fuel obligations. I'll support our farmersnot sell them out to the highest bidder.
Every day President Trump proves how morally unfit he is to sit in the Oval Office. A president should bring out our best as Americans not echo schoolyard bullies with taunts based on physical appearance.
I look forward to joining GiffordsCourage and AMarch4OurLives at their forum to discuss how we can take on the NRA and end our gun violence epidemic. Together, we will get it done.
It was great meeting our previous contest winners, Kellie and her wife Amanda, after last months Democratic debate. Enter now for your chance to join us for the next debate in Houston:
We are in a battle for the soul of this nation. If we want to win, its going to take everyone stepping up, speaking out, and taking action. Text JOIN to and lets get to
A Biden administration will ban assault weapons and high-capacity magazines. We will get these military-style weapons off our streets.
Coal miners have powered our country from the Industrial Revolution to the st century. I'm proud to stand with the protesting miners. Blackjewel has an obligation to give its workers the pay and benefits theyve earned.
Since , CEO compensation has risen %, while the average American has seen a raise of just %. Its wrong. We need a $15 minimum wage, stronger labor laws, and a tax code that works for the middle class. Its time we reward work, not just wealth.
Gov. Hickenlooper ran a strong campaign, talking about the urgent need to rebuild our middle class and standing up to President Trump's trade wars. Coloradans are lucky to have John in their corner, and I look forward to seeing what he does next.
I have always been a stalwart supporter of Israela vital partner that shares our democratic values. No democracy should deny entry to visitors based on the content of their ideaseven ideas they strongly object to. And no leader of the free world should encourage them to do so.
Before I was Vice President, before I was a Senator I started my career as an elected official on the New Castle County Council. Local races matter. I'm proud to sign the runforsomething pledge to support candidates up and down the ballot to invest in our partys future.
Rep. Steve King should resign. His comments on rape and incest have no place in Congress and fuel a corrosive culture in this country around sexual assault. We deserve better from our elected officials.
. DrBiden and I send our prayers to the police officers injured today in Philadelphia, and to their families who wake up every day knowing that their loved ones are walking into harm's way when they put on the badge. We're grateful for the selfless work they do to keep us safe.
America is an idea. An idea that for centuries has offered hope to the tired, the poor, and the huddled masses yearning to breathe free. We wont let Donald Trump and his administration change that.
Whether you are online, at a gun show, or in a store you should have to pass a background check to buy a gun. Period.
President Trump has emboldened white nationalists with messages of support, called Mexicans 'rapists,' and told members of Congress to 'go back' to where they came from. The words of a president matter. And Trump has used his to unleash the deepest, darkest forces in our nation.
This is America, and we are strong and great because of our diversity not in spite of it. Donald Trump doesnt get that. Prioritizing wealthy immigrants while punishing working-class ones betrays the American idea that everyone gets a fair shot regardless of background.
I know what it takes to beat the NRA because Ive done it twice before. In the Senate, SenFeinstein and I took on the gun lobby to ban assault weapons and high-capacity magazines and helped pass the Brady background check bill. As president, Ill beat them once again.
The brave protestors in Hong Kong are demanding the rights and freedoms promised to them. The U.S. should be leading the free world to rally support behind them and, with one voice, defend our shared democratic ideals and the desire for liberty that beats in every heart.
Its unacceptable that children learn to fear mass shooters alongside their ABCs. It's unacceptable that people feel unsafe on their weekly grocery run. It's unacceptable that living in fear of gun violence has become our new normal.
Dont tell Champ and
The vast majority of Americans want common-sense gun safety reform. We need leaders with the backbone to stand up to the NRA and get it
For decades, the Endangered Species Act has protected our most vulnerable wildlife from extinction. Now, President Trump wants to throw it all away. At a time when climate change is pushing our planet to the brink, we should strengthen protections not weaken them.
If we cannot rise to meet this moment, it wont just be a political failure. It will be a moral one. It will mean that we accept the next inevitable tragedy. We cannot allow that to happen. We must end our gun violence epidemic.
There used to be a basic bargain in this country that when you worked hard, you were able to share in the prosperity you helped create. That bargain is broken for American workers, and it's time we restore
Two years after Charlottesville, we have a problem with this rising tide of white supremacy in America. And we have a president who encourages and emboldens it. But if we stand together in opposing it, we will win the battle for the soul of this
As president, I will do everything in my power to stop Americas gun violence epidemic by passing common-sense gun reform. Lives depend on it.
. DrBiden and I wish everyone celebrating EidAlAdha hope, faith, and joy. Eid Mubarak!
In the Senate, SenFeinstein and I led the successful effort to ban assault weapons and high-capacity magazines. It worked. It saved lives. As president, Ill take on the NRA and ban military-style weapons once again.
We need universal background checks for gun sales. Period. Ive beaten the NRA twice, and Ill do it again as president. Its time for a leader who stands up to the powerful gun lobby.
The words of a president matter. Hateful rhetoric and white nationalism have no place in our nation.
Thank you to Everytown and MomsDemand for hosting todays GunSenseForum. As I said this afternoon, spread the faith. Talk with friends and neighbors about what's happening in America. Demand change. Because together, we can and will end our gun violence
Assault weapons dont belong in our communities. Period. As president, Ill ban these military-style weapons and institute a buyback program that gets as many as possible off our streets.
July was the hottest month on Earth ever recorded making it clearer than ever that climate change is already here and requires our urgent, drastic action. On day one, Ill take the bold action necessary to tackle this crisis head-on.
Now is not the time to cower in the face of the NRA, now is the time to stand up with courage and conviction and pass gun safety legislation. Lives depend on it.
Theres no better place than the Iowa State Fair to meet some new folks and stop for ice cream. Thank you to everyone who said hello!
We are in a battle for the soul of this nation. But I know with passionate folks like those at last nights iowawingding we will
Grateful for the hard work these folks put in every day on the ground in Iowa.
We need gun safety reform & leaders who will step up to get it done. Gov. Sununu instead has decided to stand with President Trump in putting the gun lobby over common-sense reforms that will keep Granite Staters safe. As president, Ill take on the NRA & winagain. NHPolitics
Five years ago, Michael Brown's life was taken in Ferguson. His death stirred the conscience of our nation and awakened a generation of activists. We must ensure justice rings out for all in America regardless of skin color.
At moments when we have been tested most, American presidents have stepped up. We dont have that today. We have a president who has aligned himself with the darkest forces in this nation. And that makes winning the battle for the soul of this nation that much
Assault weapons and high-capacity magazines dont belong on our streets.
. DrBiden and I had a great afternoon at the Iowa State Fair where we talked with folks about our bold vision for the country. I stopped for some ice cream,
In the Senate, I successfully took on the NRA to ban assault weapons and high-capacity magazines and helped pass the Brady background check bill. As president, Ill do it again. Add your name to stand with me:
Guilty as charged
This is who Donald Trump is: a president determined to terrorize immigrant communities and rip apart families at the border and across our country. The question is, who are we? I believe we are a nation that will end these cruel policies and make Trump a one-term president.
Along with Senator Feinstein, I got assault weapons and high-capacity magazines banned in this country for ten years. As president, Ill make sure theyre banned once
On a day when President Trump is supposed to be embracing a grieving community and celebrating our American diversity in El Paso, his administration is instead stoking fear by conducting massive immigration raids in Mississippi. He is morally unfit to lead this country.
The NRA doesnt own this country. We the people own this country.
In both clear language and in code, President Trump has fanned the flames of white supremacy in this
We are in a battle for the soul of this nation. Its why Im running for
We are almost million Americans who have to do what our president cant. Stand together. Stand against hate. Stand up for whatat our bestthis nation
We are almost million Americans who have to do what our president cant. Stand together. Stand against hate. Stand up for whatat our bestthis nation believes. If we stand together, we will win the battle for the soul of this nation.
So its up to us. Were living through a rare moment in this nations history. Where our president isnt up to the moment. Where our president lacks the moral authority to lead. Where our president has more in common with George Wallace than George Washington.
Trump offers no moral leadership, no interest in unifying the nation, and no evidence the presidency has awakened his conscience in the least. Instead, we have a president with a toxic tongue who has unapologetically embraced a political strategy of hate, racism, and division.
At moments when we have been tested most, American presidents have stepped up. They led, opposed hate, and chose to fight for the best of the American character. We dont have that today. Our president has aligned himself with the darkest forces in this nation.
The honest truth is both elements are part of the American character. At our best, the American ideal wins out. But its never a rout. Its always a fight. And the battle is never finished.
I wish I could say this hate began with Trump and will end with him. It didnt & it wont. The battle for the soul of this nation has been a constant push-and-pull between the American ideal that we are all created equal & the harsh reality that racism has long torn us apart.
In both clear language and in code, this president has fanned the flames of white supremacy in this nation.
How far is it from the white supremacists and Neo-Nazis in Charlottesville Trumps very fine people chanting You will not replace us to the shooter at the Tree of Life synagogue in Pittsburgh saying Jews were committing genocide to his people. Not far at all.
How far is it from Trumps saying this is an invasion to the shooter in El Paso declaring this attack is a response to the Hispanic invasion of Texas? Not far at all.
I said at the time that we were in a battle for the soul of this nation. I said it again when I announced. Its why Im running for president.
When he said after Charlottesville that there were very fine people on both sides he gave license and safe harbor for hate to white supremacists, Neo-Nazis, and the KKK. Those words stunned the nation and shocked the world.
The words of a president matter. They can move markets. They can send our brave men and women to war. They can bring peace. And they can unleash the deepest, darkest forces in this nation like Donald Trump has chosen to do.
WATCH LIVE: Joe Biden Speaks in Burlington, Iowa
A president is supposed to unite our nation and lift us up. Not prey on our divisions and tear us
Yesterday, DrBiden and I had the opportunity to thank a few firefighters for their dedication to keeping Idaho safe. Ive witnessed the heroism of first respondersthey rush into the face of danger every single day to save complete strangers. They are the best of
Toni Morrison had an incredible ability to translate the everyday experience of African Americans into written word. Her writing had the power to open minds, shift political discourse, and shape the views of generations. She will be sorely missed.
Fred, your strength and resilience in the face of unspeakable tragedy continues to inspire me and so many others. I carry Jaimes memory with me every day as we continue our efforts to end Americas gun violence epidemic.
But our job is not done. The VotingRightsAct has been gutted by the Supreme Court & voting rights are under siege across the country. As president, I will restore the VRA, stand up to attacks on the right to vote, & renew our efforts to ensure every Americans voice is equal.
The fight for civil rights is one of the things that got me engaged in politics. And when I was ranking member of the Judiciary Committee, we successfully extended the VotingRightsAct for years.
years ago, the VotingRightsAct brought our nation closer to living up to our founding ideals of equality, equity, and fairness for
We cant fix a problem if we refuse to name the problem. This is white nationalism. This is white supremacy. This is about hate. Mr. President, its long past time you stood up to
Thoughts and prayers wont solve our broken gun laws. We need politicians with the courage to stand up to the powerful gun lobby and tell them that they dont own this country. Ive beaten the NRA twice, and Ill do it again in the White House.
Honesty, decency, hope, leaving nobody behind, giving hate no safe harbor. Thats who we are. But I don't see much of that coming from this
As we watched in horror at the events in El Paso and Dayton, Chicago suffered its most violent weekend of . We cannot go on like this. We must muster up the courage to take on the NRA, pass common-sense reform, and end our gun violence epidemic.
Let's be very clear. You use the office of the presidency to encourage and embolden white supremacy. You use words like 'infestation' and 'invasion' to talk about human beings. We won't truly speak with one voice against hatred until your voice is no longer in the White House.
Mr. President, immigration isnt the problem. White nationalism is the problem. Americas inaction on gun safety legislation is the problem. Its time to put the politics aside and pass universal background checks and an assault weapons ban. Lives depend on it.
Enough is enough. As a nation, we need to take common-sense steps to end this epidemic of gun violence. senatemajldr Mitch McConnell should reconvene the Senate and pass the Houses universal background check bill. We cannot wait to take action.
We cant fix a problem if we refuse to name it: white nationalism. An ideology emboldened by a president who stokes the flames of hatred and coddles white supremacists with messages of support. We must do what Trump won't: condemn this evil and eradicate it from our society.
We are in a battle for the soul of this nation. And in this moment, we all have a responsibility to declare with conviction that hatred and bigotry and white supremacy have no place in America. We will give hate no safe harbor.
We have to address whats happening in America. We continue to bear witness to acts of terror carried out with a common thread: hatred of the other. We saw it in Charlottesville two years ago, at synagogues in Pittsburgh and Poway, and now in El Paso.
Assault weapons and high-capacity magazines dont belong on our streets. We must stand up to the NRA and gun manufacturersthey dont own this country. We the people own this country.
At least lives stolen, families broken, communities shattered in El Paso and Dayton within hours. Dozens more wounded. Between those two mass shootings, dozens more were killed and injured by gun violence that didn't make national headlines.
Heartbroken to hear the news from El Paso. Our thoughts are with those impacted by yet another senseless act of gun violence in America. How many lives must be cut short? How many communities must be torn apart? Its past time we take action and end our gun violence epidemic.
Its clear that climate change is already here. Today. And we need to take urgent action to address it. That starts with beating Donald Trump.
In the last three years, President Trump has turned our world upside down internationally and economically. People are hurting. The soul of our country is collapsing because of his presidency. We have to be honest, straight forward, and authentic about what we will do to fix it.
America must defend the values that unite uswe must lead the Free World. As president, I will remind the world who we are. The United States does not coddle dictators. The United States stands up for democracy.
Donald Trump is echoing his authoritarian heroes, againthis time using China's anti-democracy talking points to describe the peaceful protests in Hong Kong as 'riots.' It's shameful. When people suffering under oppression look to the U.S. for hope, Trump has nothing to offer.
Yet more proof that Trump doesnt care about the farmers, workers, and consumers that are being crushed by his irresponsible tariff war with China. Its easy to act tough when someone else is feeling the pain. I will reverse his senseless policies.
There is nothing moderate about what President Obama did with Obamacare. Nothing. Seven presidents tried to expand access to health care the Obama-Biden Administration finally got it
I was surprised at all of the attacks on President Obama's record at the DemDebate. The Obama-Biden Administration passed Obamacare, lead the world on combating climate change, and saved our economy from the brink of disaster. He was a great president. We dont say that enough.
We are a nation of immigrants thats why were so special.
The U.S. has a responsibility to extend Temporary Protected Status to Venezuelans fleeing desperate circumstancesviolence, oppression, starvation. The House passed a bipartisan bill to take action, now senatemajldr Mitch McConnell must bring it up for a vote. TPS4VZ
Wrapped up our time in Detroit with a quick stop at Coney Island Restaurant for some lunch and great conversation with community
The criticism of Obamacare is a bunch of malarkey.
The ACLU says that the Trump Administration has continued to rip children from their parents, even after courts ordered them to stop. Its inhumane & goes against everything we stand for as a nation of immigrants & values. Ill end these cruel policies.
Last night on the debate stage, I shared my bold vision for the future of our country. Everyone knows who Donald Trump is. Lets show them who we are. Theres nothing we cant do together.
Mr. President this is America. We are strong and great because of our diversity.
Everybody knows who Donald Trump is. We have to let them know who we are. We choose science over fiction, hope over fear, and unity over division.
I just got off the stage where I shared my bold vision for our future built on uniting our country. Because I know if we work together, theres nothing we cant do. Let's keep our momentum going. If you liked what you heard tonight, text JOE to and let's get to
Thats all we have for tonights DemDebatethanks for tuning in! Make sure to follow TeamJoe to keep up-to-date with everything happening on our campaign.
Debate Night is in the books.
We can protect our interests in Afghanistan, including the possibility of a terrorist threat re-emerging, without a large troop presence. That is what Joe Biden will do as president.
Joe Biden has long believed that the US should narrow rather than broaden its military efforts in Afghanistan, and has for years advocated for ending the war responsibly. We can't keep spending tens of billions of dollars a year to sustain a stalemate. DemDebate
Joe Biden believes that women have a constitutional right to choose. Roe v. Wade is the law of the land, and Biden will work to codify it. Hell continue to fight for a womans right to make her own health care decisions with her doctor. DemDebate
Finally, Joe Biden has been integral to some of the biggest child care tax credit wins in our history, including in the Recovery Act and the fiscal cliff deal. And as president, he'll expand the child care tax credit to up to $8,000 per family. DemDebate
Here's the truth about Joe Biden's vote: He wasn't opposed to the child care tax credit itself. He was opposed to this specific tax credit being made available to affluent people.
This attack from Senator Gillibrand has been two weeks in the making, and it STILL isnt accurate. Let's set the record straight:
Vice President Biden has fought for women's rights his whole career: Wrote the Violence Against Women Act Co-sponsored the Equal Rights Amendment times Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act: st Obama-Biden bill signed into law Co-sponsored the Pregnancy Discrimination Act
When it comes to trade, either we're going to write the rules of the road for the world or China isand not in a way that advances our values. Meanwhile, this administration has launched trade wars against the very allies we need with us to change Chinas behavior. DemDebate
Biden will stand up to the abuse of power by polluters who disproportionately harm communities of color and low-income communities. Hell work to ensure that communities across the country from Flint, MI to Harlan, KY to the NH Seacoast have access to clean, safe drinking water.
Joe Biden has received more than endorsements from community leaders around the country, including Detroit's own MayorMikeDuggan.
In , the Obama-Biden administration made a big bet on rescuing the US auto industry. It paid off: -More than auto jobs -Auto production doubled in the US -Auto sales hit an all-time high Detroit was on the front lines of that recovery. DemDebate
Climate change requires drastic action. Joe Biden has a comprehensive plan to tackle our climate emergency and environmental injustices head on:
Climate change poses an existential threat to our health, our communities, our national security, and our economic well-being. As president, Biden will rally the world to address the climate emergency and lead through the power of example.
Two Delaware civil rights champions on the Joe Biden they know, and why they're proud to stand by him and call him a friend:
If we want to talk about the Crime Bill, let's hear from the President who chose JoeBiden as his running
The Crime Bill included: -The ground-breaking Violence Against Women Act -Bans on assault rifles and high-capacity magazines -Funding for drug courts and prevention DemDebate
Joe Biden will strengthen Americas commitment to justice and reform by taking action to reduce our prison population, address racial disparities, and make our communities safer.
Joe Biden has the boldest, most comprehensive criminal justice reform proposal in this election. Read the full plan here:
Under Medicare for All, Americans will see a new type of deductible in their paycheck. Medicare for All costs $30 trillion. Not sure what math they do in New York or California but that would be a lot of
Las polticas de inmigracin de Trump son un asalto a la dignidad humana. No somos un pas que niegue a los nios jabn y cepillo de dientes. Esto no es lo que somos. DemDebate
Trump's immigration policies are an assault on human dignity. We aren't a country that denies children soap and a toothbrush. This is not who we are. DemDebate
Donald Trump is the problem with our immigration policy. He's using family separation as a weapon against desperate people seeking safety and a better life. We need to defeat Donald Trump. DemDebate
Lets get the facts straight: Medicare for All will cost x more than Joe Bidens health care planand it will be paid for by raising taxes on the middle class.
Because of the Affordable Care Act, million Americans gained health insurance. Millions more gained critical protections. But the work isnt over. As president, Biden wont rest until everyone has access to the quality, affordable care they deserve. DemDebate
As Vice President, Biden was a champion for efforts to implement the federal mental health parity law, improve access to mental health care, and eliminate the stigma. As president, he'll enforce our mental health parity laws and expand funding for mental health services.
Senator Harris Medicare for All plan still gets rid of employer-sponsored coverage and still costs x more than Joe Bidens health care plan. Just changing the start date by years doesnt change the fact it is bad policy.
Im running for president to restore the soul of this country...No one man has the capacity to rip that apart. Its too strong. We're too
In America, health care should be a right for all -- not a privilege for the wealthy few. Joe Bidens plan to protect and build on Obamacare is the best way to achieve universal coverage and lower costs:
Americans prefer protecting and building on Obamacare with a public option over Medicare for
Healthcare is the most important issue to Americans. Senator Harris won't be able to beat Trump with double-talk on healthcare. We have a plan that builds on the ACA by giving Americans more choice, reducing health care costs, and making our health care system easier to navigate.
Mr. President, this is America. We're stronger because of this diversity, not in spite of it. DemDebate
Retweet if youre proud to be on TeamJoe!
Hey everyone, TeamJoe here! Were taking over for tonights DemDebate to give you the facts about Joes record on the issues and vision for our country. Stay tuned!
Now Im handing the account over to my team before I take the stage. Theyll keep you up-to-date on whats happening at tonights DemDebate. Make sure to follow along!
We deserve leaders that unite us around our shared goals, rather than prey on our divisions. Thats why Im running for president. To unite our country and put us on a different path not back to a past that never was but to a future that fulfills our true potential.
Detroit and our country as a whole is like its people: resilient and tough. Defined by a work ethic that is unmatched by any place in the world. And when given half a fighting chance, theres nothing the American people cant do.
As we gather in Detroit, its important that we recognize the significance of the Motor City. Because few cities embody the American spirit better than Detroit. When it was knocked down flat on its back, it didnt give up. It came roaring back.
Tonight, Ill take the stage in Detroit for the second DemDebate. Im excited to have the opportunity to discuss the issues on voters minds, why Im running for president, and my bold vision for the future of our country.
I'm getting ready to take the stage in Detroit! Grateful to have my family by my
Here's the deal, President Trump inherited the economy from the Obama-Biden Administration. And just like everything else he's been given in his life, he's in the process of squandering it.
Ive got some exciting news: I am now on Snapchat! Subscribe to get a behind-the-scenes look at tonights DemDebate and whats happening on the campaign trail:
A car accident took the lives of my first wife and baby daughter. My family was fortunate to have health insurance, but that's not the case for many. This is why I fight. I believe deeply that health care is a right for allnot a privilege for the few.
On what would have been his th birthday, my thoughts are with the family of my friend Reverend Clementa Pinckney. As we celebrate his life, let's continue on his legacy by living with compassion, kindness, and a relentless dedication to improving the lives of
President Trump & Betsy DeVos continue to roll back our progress on LGBTQ rights. No child should feel unsafe in school because of their sexual orientation or gender identity. A Biden administration will ensure all of our young people are affirmed & accepted exactly as they are.
My plan builds on that legacy with a new public health insurance option like Medicare. Read the full plan here:
years ago, President Johnson signed Medicare and Medicaid into law. This landmark legislation changed the lives of millions by providing the peace of mind that comes with quality, affordable health care.
Im grateful to Joe and Michelle for sharing their story and glad to hear Matthew is receiving the treatment he needs. Read our full plan to protect and build on the Affordable Care Act to ensure everyone has access to the care they need:
President Trump has failed on his promises for American workers time and time again. We need to rebuild the middle class, and this time make sure everybody comes along regardless of race, gender, religion, sexual orientation, or disability.
Two years ago, President Trump gave giant tax cuts to the super-wealthy and corporations. Now, he wants to rip free school lunches away from kids who need help the most. Its heartless. No kid should go hungry in America.
We have a moral obligation to do everything in our power to stop Americas gun violence epidemic that starts with taking on the powerful gun lobby and passing common-sense gun safety laws. Ive beaten the NRA twice. And Ill do it again in the White House.
The Affordable Care Act changed the life of DrBidens sister like it did millions of Americans by giving her access to the health care she needed. We cant afford to start
. TheRevAl is a champion in the fight for civil rights. The fact that President Trump continues to use the power of the presidency to unleash racist attacks on the people he serves is despicable. This hate has no place in our country. It's beneath the dignity of the office.
Iowa, I have some big news: DrBiden is heading your way on August st to open two of our field offices. Join her in Sioux City: or Council Bluffs:
Were gathering TeamJoe in Detroit on July th and st to show the power of our grassroots movement at the second debate. I hope to see you there! RSVP at .
This violence is not normal. How many more families will have to lose a loved one before we fix our broken gun laws? We must take action, starting with real reform. Our thoughts are with everyone in Gilroy this evening. Enough is enough.
Instead of starting from scratch, we need to build on the Affordable Care Act. I'll expand on the progress we madegiving Americans more choice, reducing health care costs, and making our health care system less complex to navigate. Read my full plan at
Far too often, students who experience mental health problems do not get the care they need. As President, I will double the number of mental health professionals in schools to give our kids the support they deserve.
We need to show the power of our grassroots movement. If youre in the Detroit area, come together with TeamJoe in your community outside of the second debate on July and . RSVP at .
Congratulations to our TeamJoe DemDebate contest winnerKellie from North Carolina! Cant wait to see you at the debate in Detroit on July st, Kel!
I worked hard to pass the Affordable Care Actit was a milestone for American health care. I will continue to oppose every effort to tear it down. We have come too far to start over. Read my plan to protect and build on Obamacare at
Since the historic passage of the Affordable Care Act, Congressional Republicans have been fighting to it tear down. Two years ago today, they continued their crusade in an attempt to pass a skinny repeal of Obamacareit failed.
Trumps trade wars are squeezing American farmers. In states like South Dakotawhere agriculture is a top industryeffects go well beyond farms. As president, I'd join together with our allies & stand up to China to ensure our policies work for our farmers.
. RepCummings is one of the finest people Ive ever served with. It is despicable for you to attack him and the people of Baltimore this way. Once again you have proved yourself unfit to hold the office. A President is supposed to lift this nation up. Not tear it down.
Heres the deal: I will oppose every effort by Republicans, Democrats, & anyone else seeking to tear down Obamacare. It is imperative that we build upon the progress we've made by protecting the Affordable Care Act. Read my plan at
A border wall is the physical embodiment of realDonaldTrumps inability to develop effective immigration policy. His use of Department of Defense funds for the wall is a phony answer to the real challenges we faceand he knows it.
Climate change is an existential threat to our planet. As President, not only will I recommit us to the Paris AgreementIll lead an effort for every major emitting country to ramp up the ambition of their domestic climate targets.
As president, Ill make it a priority to take action against polluters who knowingly harm our environment and poison our communities air, land, and water. Read my plan at
We can't be blind to the way environmental burdenslike air pollutionare distributed unevenly along racial and socioeconomic lines.
Today, on the Act's anniversary, we must recommit to fully breaking down barriers so everyone has the opportunity to succeedno matter their zip code, income, race, or disability. As president, I'll ensure everyone's treated with dignity and respect.
Growing up with a stutter, my parents taught me from a young age that being different is no barrier to success. Instead, the barrier is far too often our laws, our institutions, and our culture. The ADA began to change all of that.
I've always been proud to have cosponsored the Americans with Disabilities Act, signed into law years ago. Thanks to the vision & persistence of SenatorHarkin & many disability leaders, this bill was a critical step in the fight for equal rights for people with disabilities.
Earlier this week, DrBiden, RepRichmond, and I had the opportunity to spend some time with the great folks at YEPNOLA in New Orleans, Louisiana. It was great getting to see the work theyre doing to inspire the children in their
The marine transit system in Alaska is vital to rural communitiesbut faces draconian cuts in funding. IBU is on strike to ensure this lifeline for Alaskans will continue to serve communities from Ketchikan to Kodiak. The governor must restore full funding immediately. ILWU
Trump is fighting tooth & nail to deny those fleeing dangerous situations their right to seek asylum in our nation. We should uphold our moral responsibility & enforce our immigration laws with dignitynot turn away those fleeing violence, war, & poverty.
Trumps tariff war with China is crushing American farmers. It's easy to talk tough when someone else feels the pain. We need to be tough AND smartworking with allies to curb Chinas abusive trade practices, not isolating us from our closest partners.
Let's call Trumps travel ban what it is: a disgrace. We are a nation of immigrants, and we need a leader who recognizes that our diversity is our greatest asset.
Because a union fought for their private health insurance plan, Marcy and her husband were able to retire with dignity and respect. Thats why my plan to protect and build on Obamacare will give folks the option to choose whats best for them.
Like so many other Americans, Marcy prefers to keep her private insurance while recognizing that a public health insurance option is necessary for some of her friends and
Since , over individuals in this country have been sentenced to death and were later exonerated. Because we cant ensure that we get these cases right every time, we must eliminate the death penalty.
Had the opportunity to discuss my plans to advance equity and opportunity for communities of color all across the nation today at the NatUrbanLeague Conference in Indianapolis. Thank you for having me!
Governor RicardoRossellos resignation is a testament to the power of everyday people to effect change and a critical opportunity for Puerto Rico, which has been battered by natural disasters and corrupt governments for far too long. PuertoRicoSeLevanta
The black agenda is Americas agenda. This morning, I discussed my plans for communities of color on the TJMShow.
Heres the deal: health care is a right. Every American should have the peace of mind that comes from access to affordable health care, and we can get there by protecting and building on Obamacare. Read my full plan at .
Denali's death marks the rd murder of a trans woman in South Carolina this year. Violence against the transgender community is an epidemiccrimes are occurring far too often. It's our moral obligation to put an end to violence in our communities.
Russia undermined our democracy by interfering in the election. That's a fact. We need a President who will stand up to the Kremlin, push back against Putin, and take immediate steps to ensure the security of our elections.
One of the great things about being on the trail is getting a chance to have lunch with great folks like MayorMikeDuggan and community leaders in
As President, I will provide states with funds to shift from incarceration to prevention, including addressing factors correlated with incarceration like illiteracy and child abuse. Read our plan:
Thank you, NAACP, for hosting a thoughtful discussion in Detroit. As I shared today, theres nothing we cant do if given half a
I believe in redemption. Formerly incarcerated individuals deserve the opportunity to be productive members of society. Ill expand access to mental health & substance use treatment, education, job training, and housing. Read our plan:
Certain life experiences are strongly correlated with an increased likelihood of future incarceration - abuse, illiteracy, experience in foster care. Ill invest in our children to address underlying factors driving incarceration. Read our plan at
I'm about to take the stage at the NAACP Presidential Candidates Forum. Watch live!
Its about time we start rewarding workers with the resources to live with dignity & respectthat begins with better wages and benefits, and the right to collectively organize and strike. Today, I stand with unitehere airline catering workers as they rally together at DCA. Job
I had the opportunity to visit YEPNOLA in New Orleans, Louisiana with RepRichmond today. I commend the work theyre doing to ensure bright futures for the children in their
We currently have insufficient data to eliminate racial & ethnic biases in our criminal justice system. As president, Ill urge states to add info regarding ethnicity to their data collection to understand how groupslike Latinxinteract with the system.
We must reform our juvenile justice system to give children a second chance to live up to their potential. My plan will invest in juvenile justice programs, protect juvenile records, & end the use of detention as punishment for status offenses. Our plan:
My plan will counter the rise in hate crimes & reinvigorate community-oriented policing in order to root out persistent crime and hold violent offenders accountable. Read our plan at
The Equifax settlement is a reminder of the trust we put in major corporations that possess large amounts of personal data. We must continue to hold them accountable for keeping personal information secure and protected.
Today I released my plan to reform our criminal justice system. Equality, equity, justicethese ideas form the American creed. We have never lived up to it and we havent always gotten it right, but weve never stopped trying. Learn more about my plan at
Too many people are incarcerated in the US and many dont have resources to successfully rejoin society after serving their time. Thats why Im releasing my plan to reduce our prison population, create a more just society, & make our communities safer.
Trumps words and actions are damaging our place in the world and our futures. We are a nation founded on diversity and opportunity for everyone. Im running for President because we need to fight back against the incredible abuses of power were seeing.
Our plan to revitalize rural America will provide a path to the middle-class for people in small towns and remote areas across the country. We must build a middle-class where everyone comes along, regardless of zip code.
Trumps continued racist attacks against these members of Congress cannot be tolerated or excused. This is not who we are. We must hold him accountable for his words.
Drug corporations are profiteering off the pocketbooks of sick individuals. Under a Biden administration, well put a stop to runaway drug pricing so every American has the peace of mind that they can afford their medication.
Americans work hard every day, and they deserve a worry-free retirement with a steady income. Ill put Social Security on a path to long-run solvency through a tax on the wealthiest wage earners. Learn more about my plan for Older Americans at .
years ago today, I proudly stood alongside President Obama as he signed the Wall Street reform and consumer protection bill into law. In the midst of the financial crisis we inherited, we fought to protect working Americans from predatory practices and prevent another crash.
I was never more proud to serve as Vice President than on the day President Obama signed the Affordable Care Act. As president, Ill protect the progress weve made and build on Obamacare to ensure every American receives quality, affordable health care.
Ended my trip to Nevada by participating in a nvdems Local Brews and National Views. Thank you to all who attended, it was a pleasure spending time with you!
Every American deserves the peace of mind that comes with quality, affordable health care. My new plan will allow people to buy into a public option, increase premium tax credits for middle class families, and expand coverage to low-income Americans.
Happy NationalIceCreamDay! I hope everyone enjoys some ice cream on this hot summer day. Ill be eating a pint of chocolate chip
I know if we come together there is nothing we cant do. That gives me the strength to know we can defeat Donald Trump and once again put this nation on the path towards dignity and decency and
Today was our first nationwide Day of Action! It was great to spend the day in Las Vegas, Nevada kicking off our phone bank with our incredible volunteers.
Seven years ago, our nation watched in horror at the news from Aurora, Colorado. innocent lives, full of so much promise, were cut short in an act of terror. Many more injured and traumatized. Today, we recommit to taking action to reduce gun violence
That's what we're capable of when we come together in service of something larger than ourselves. That's the America I have faith in.
In that moment, we weren't thinking about being Democrats or Republicans. We weren't thinking about a way to contort the nation's victory in favor of one political faction or another. We were, quite simply, Americansjoined together in our wonder, awe, and shared humanity.
Fifty years ago today, in every corner of our country, Americans gathered together to watch our nation put three astronauts on the moon. For a moment, we all held our breath together, knowing we were about to bear witness to a first for mankind.
Im heading to Detroit at the end of the month for our second Democratic debate. Supporters in every part of the country are coming together on July to have parties to watch the debate. I hope youll host one in your community:
This heat wave is a reminder that were already feeling the impacts of climate change.. Its clear we need to take drastic action now to solve our climate crisis and protect the planet for future generations. Stay safe this weekend.
Im running for president to restore the soul of this nation, rebuild its backbone the middle class, and unify all Americans. If youre with me, let me know by committing to vote today:
Los comentarios del gobernador RicardoRossello son vergonzosos. El lenguaje de odio no debe ser protegido, independientemente del ttulo poltico. El pueblo de PuertoRico ser escuchado y decidirn quin va a dirigir su gobierno.
Governor RicardoRossello's comments are shameful. Hateful language should be given no safe harbor -- regardless of political title. The people of PuertoRico will be heard, and they will decide who leads their government.
It was great meeting so many folks today at Tamales Liliana in Los Angeles. Thank you HildaSolis for having lunch with me!
Here's the deal, my plan to build on Obamacare will expand health care coverage and lower costs without raising taxes on the middle class. Proponents of Medicare for All can't say the same.
President Trumps comments this week were
Tomorrow, Im heading to Nevada for our first Day of Action! Talking with neighbors about whats at stake in this election is how well win. RSVP to join us in Las Vegas for a phone bank kickoff:
In America, health care is a right for all not a privilege for the wealthy few. As president, Ill repeal President Trumps tax cuts for the super wealthy and close capital gains loopholes to help ensure everyone has access to the care they deserve.
. DrBiden is visiting South Carolina tomorrow, and Im excited for the folks of Summerville to have the opportunity to meet her! Head to to RSVP.
Stopped by Dulan's On Crenshaw to serve some food and chat about why I'm running for president. A great way to start our trip to Los Angeles!
Americas teachers shouldnt have to work a second job after a full day in the classroom just to make ends meet but stories like these are all too common. In a Biden administration, well change that by giving our educators the pay they deserve.
The ACA was and is a big deal. It took a century of presidents trying to expand health care access, and President Obama and I got it done. We cant start over. Ill fight tooth and nail against anyone who tries to tear it downRepublican or Democrat.
Rebuilding Americas middle class is the major moral obligation of our time. And today, House Democrats took an important step forward in that fight by passing the RaiseTheWage Act. Its past time for a $15 minimum wage and a real pathway to the middle class.
This Saturday, our campaign will be hosting a nationwide Day of Action. Supporters across the country will be coming together, organizing communities, and talking with voters about whats at stake in this election. Join us:
I believe protecting the ACA is the most important thing we can do. It covered million Americans and protects over million with pre-existing conditions. I want to hear how it helped you and your family. Click below to share your MyACAStory:
Like Mark and Marianne, the lives of millions of Americans depend on the Affordable Care Act. We cant tear it down. We need to protect and build on Obamacare to ensure every American has the peace of mind that comes with quality, affordable health
Let's make sure he doesnt get four more years in the White House. If youre with me, join our campaign and lets get to work:
So, Mr. President, I am here to tell you this. This is OUR country: The United States of America. You'll never understand what makes us strong. And that's why the American people are going to vote you out of office next year.
These members of Congress children of immigrants, just like so many of us are an example of exactly what makes America great.
Here's what has always made America great: Honesty. Decency. Treating everyone with dignity. Demonizing no one not the poor, the powerless, the immigrant, the other. Giving hate no safe harbor. Understanding that, as Americans, we are part of something bigger than ourselves.
Donald Trump thinks that our nation's great diversity makes us weak because he has no idea what makes us great.
Weve heard it before throughout our history, but it has no place in America in . Its clear that Donald Trump is trying to divide us by race and gender. Its immoral. Our children are listening.
Four days ago, the President of the United States suggested that four elected members of Congress, all women of color, ought to 'go back' to the countries 'from which they came.' And every day since he has repeated this ugly, racist refrain.
During Beaus fight with glioblastoma, we learned about the incredible breakthroughs made in cancer treatment and those that are right over the horizon. This is a fight we can't postpone. I know with the power of Americas best minds we can end cancer as we know it. GBMDay
Wrapped up our trip with stops in Sioux City and Council Bluffs, where we discussed our new plan to ensure that everyone has access to quality, affordable health care. Thank you for a great few days, Iowa!
We will provide rural hospitals with the adequate funding and flexibility they need to keep their doors open, double funding for community health centers, and expand the pipeline of rural health care providers.
Rural health care will be a top priority in the Biden administration. Under our plan, rural hospitals wont be threatened by having to get by on low Medicare reimbursement rates for all.
A Biden administration will help rural communities fully access federal resources and tackle persistent poverty in rural America.
We will pursue a trade policy that works for American farmers, transform our agriculture sector, triple funding for rural broadband, and bring cutting-edge manufacturing jobs to rural America.
My plan recognizes how much rural communities contribute to this nation and how much theyve been hurt by this presidents damaging policies. We are going to build a pathway to the middle class for rural Americans, in rural America.
Rural communities power our nation. They feed our bodies and fuel our engines. A healthy, vibrant rural America is essential to the success of our country. Thats why I released my plan for rural America:
In a Biden administration, well give people the choice to buy into a public option like Medicare. Thats the best way to lower costs and achieve universal coverage. Read our full plan here:
Justice Stevens was a decent, honorable man who served our country well. He understood that the most important thing about being on the Court is treating people with dignity and respect. I was honored to have known him. DrBiden and I are sending our prayers to his family.
Had the opportunity to speak with some great folks in Manning, Iowa, today about our new plan to revitalize rural economies. Thank you to everyone who joined us!
President Trumps entire re-election strategy is based on fear and hatred of migrants this is just the latest example. We can enforce our immigration laws with dignity and fix the asylum system so that it is both fair to those who need protection and deters those who do not.
Our Statue of Liberty invites in the tired, the poor, the huddled masses yearning to breathe free. Now President Trump wants to slam the door in the face of children and families fleeing war, poverty, and violence. Its cruel. Its not who we are.
Summer vacation season has started, but many hardworking Americans like the ATUComm members currently striking the VTA/TCI arent taking a break in their fight for safe working conditions, higher wages, and good benefits. Im proud to stand with them.
Thank you to Governor Tom Vilsack and ChristieVilsack for opening up your home for yesterdays house party. It was a pleasure getting to spend some time with the residents of Waukee, Iowa!
. DrBiden and I had a very important meeting with DrakeUGriff while at Drake University
Im glad to hear Matt is doing well stories like his remind us of the need to protect and build upon the Affordable Care Act. We cant afford to start over. Read our plan here:
At the AARPIowaForum, I laid out my plan for older Americans. A Biden administration will lower drug costs, protect & strengthen Medicare & Social Security, & help middle-class families grow their savingsbecause everyone deserves to retire with dignity.
Iowa, I hope youll join us this week to hear about our bold vision for the future of our country. Head to to find an event in your community.
In a Biden administration, well protect the Affordable Care Act and the progress weve made and wont rest until every American has the peace of mind that comes with quality, affordable health care. Read the full plan here:
In America, health care is a right not a privilege dependent on your gender, race, sexual orientation, income or zip code. Our plan will address systemic inequities to ensure every American receives the care they need and
Our plan will stand up to the abuse of power by prescription drug corporations and take concrete steps to lower drug prices for Americans. Because no one should have to choose between putting food on the table or filling their
For too many Americans with insurance, health care costs are still too high. Our plan will not only provide coverage for uninsured Americans, but it will also make health care more affordable for those who have it
We will provide premium-free access to this public option with the full scope of Medicaid benefits for people who would otherwise qualify for Medicaid, but were denied access by governors and state
Our plan will give Americans the choice to buy into a public option like Medicare. Thats the best way to lower costs and achieve universal
I understand the appeal of Medicare for All but folks supporting it should be clear that it means getting rid of Obamacare. And, I'm not for that. We should protect and build upon the Affordable Care Act and the progress weve made. Not tear it down and start over.
The Affordable Care Act was a historic achievement. million Americans gained coverage. Over million with pre-existing conditions finally got protection. We cant tear it down. So today, Im releasing my plan to Protect & Build on Obamacare:
A job is about a lot more than a paycheck. Its about dignity. Its about being able to look your child in the eye and say everything is going to be ok. But far too many people today cant do that. Weve got to rebuild Americas middle class and ensure everyone gets a fair shot.
Americas strength is and has always been rooted in our diversity. But President Trump continues to spew hateful rhetoric, sow division, and stoke racial tensions for his own political gain. Let's be clear: Racism and xenophobia have no place in America.
Thank you to everyone who joined us in Londonderry, New Hampshire, where we discussed our plans to build an inclusive middle class where everyone comes along regardless of race, gender, religion, ethnicity, sexual orientation, or
Las redadas de inmigracin (ICE) del presidente Trump son inhumanas. Sus tcticas no resuelven nada. No deberamos estar aterrorizando comunidades y dividiendo familias. Debemos proporcionar un camino hacia la ciudadana y encontrar una solucin duradera.
Its young people like the NHYoungDems that give me so much hope and excitement for the future of our
President Trumps ICE raids are inhumane. His scare tactics solve nothing. We shouldn't be terrorizing communities and splitting up families. We should provide a pathway to citizenship and find a lasting solution.
Im heartbroken to hear of the passing of Hctor Figueroa. Hctor was a stalwart champion in the fight to ensure every worker receives the respect and dignity theyve earned. My thoughts are with his family and his loved ones.
Had the opportunity to spend some time with the great residents of Atkinson, New Hampshire, today. Thank you all for the warm welcome into your community!
As individuals, and as a nation, we have to prove to the world that the United States is prepared to leadnot just with the example of our power, but the power of our example. I will take decisive steps to renew our core American values and return transparency to our
It was a pleasure spending time with the inspiring young leaders of the NHYoungDems especially RepDenny in Portsmouth. Thank you to everyone who came out tonight!
Had to pull the team over for a quick ice cream stop! This time were at Annabelles Ice Cream in Portsmouth,
Thank you to everyone who joined us in Dover, New Hampshire! We had a great time discussing how we will rebuild the backbone of this country the middle
The threat Donald Trump poses to our national security and to who we are as a country is so extreme we cannot afford to ignore
We have to champion liberty and democracy, reclaim our credibility, and look with unrelenting optimism and determination toward the
We have to champion liberty and democracy. We have to reclaim our credibility. We have to look with unrelenting optimism and determination toward the future. Head to to read our full plan.
We must once more harness that power and rally the Free World to meet the challenges facing our world todayand it falls to the United States of America to do it. No other nation has the capacity. No other nation is built on that ideathat promise. And its in our self-interest.
No army on earth can match how the electric idea of liberty passes freely from person to person, jumps borders, transcends languages and cultureshow it can supercharge communities of ordinary citizens into activists and organizers and change agents.
A Biden administration will place the United States back at the head of the table to mobilize global action on global threatsespecially those unique to our
We know that economic security is national security. But there are a lot of communities across this country that are hurtingbecause weve neglected the basics. We will equip our people to succeed in the global economy with a foreign policy for the middle
I will invite my fellow democratic leaders to put strengthening democracy back on the global agenda. We will organize and host, during the first year of my administration, a global Summit for Democracy to renew the spirit and shared purpose of the nations of the Free
We have to prove to the world that the United States is prepared to leadnot just with the example of our power, but the power of our example. To that end, as president, I will take decisive steps to renew our core American values and return transparency to our
We only have one opportunity to reset our democracy after Trumpwe have to be prepared to make the most of it. First, we must repair and reinvigorate our own
The threat Donald Trump poses to our national security, and to who we are as a country, is so extreme we cannot afford to ignore it. His erratic policies and failures to uphold basic democratic principles have muddied our reputation and our place in the world.
In , foreign policy is domestic policy, and domestic policy is foreign policy. They are a deeply connected set of choices we make about how to advance the American way of life and our vision for the future.
Today in New York City, I laid out my foreign policy vision for America. A vision built on restoring dignified leadership at home and respected leadership on the world stage.
WATCH LIVE: Joe Biden Delivers Foreign Policy Address in New York City
Embracing dictators. Threatening war. Embarrassing the United States. Thats the TrumpDoctrine. Reclaiming American leadership starts
Today, we celebrate Journeyman Lineman Recognition Day and the work IBEW does to keep lineworkers safe. These brave men and women do the hard work of powering Americas electric grid, economy, and future. Our country can't function without the important work they do.
Our campaign starts at the local level neighbors talking with neighbors and organizing their communities in every corner of the country. If youre ready to get to work, sign up to host an organizing meeting for our nationwide Day of Action on July th:
President Trump can avoid talking about climate change all he wants, but it doesnt change the fact that it is real, is here, and requires our urgent action. We can't afford four more years of a climate change denier in the White House.
New Hampshire, Im heading your way this weekend to talk about our plans to rebuild the backbone of the country the middle class. Head to to find an event in your community. Hope to see you there!
. USWNT, congratulations on the big win and thank you for the jersey! Your talent, heart, and advocacy for equal pay represents the best of America and serves as an inspiration for all.
Tomorrow, Im heading to New York City to talk about my foreign policy vision for America we need to restore dignified leadership at home and respected leadership on the world stage. RSVP to join us:
I know the history of this country. Im amazed how far weve come, but I know how much further we have to go. We can get there
Heres what I commit to you: I will name a Secretary of Education who is an
The abuse of a child is one of the most heinous, despicable abuses of power imaginable. It is inexcusably poor judgment for a US Attorney to seek leniency for someone guilty of it. Secretary Acosta should provide his resignation immediately.
We cant tear down the ACA. We should protect and build on it. In America, health care should be a rightnot a privilege. As president, Ill do everything in my power to stand up to the attacks on the ACA and expand coverage to ensure everyone has access to the care they need.
The Affordable Care Act was and is a big deal. It covered million more people, protects more than million people with pre-existing conditions, and expanded Medicaid giving millions of Americans the peace of mind that comes with health insurance.
Today, the Affordable Care Act is back in the courts putting the health care of millions of Americans at risk. Its clear some will stop at nothing to sabotage Obamacare and roll back the progress weve made.
Thank you to everyone at our town hall discussion in Charleston, South Carolina, for your thoughtful questions on ending gun violence, combating the opioid epidemic, and ensuring every American has access to quality, affordable health
The Democratic Party is lucky to have leaders like Eric, and I look forward to continuing to work with him on the pressing issues facing Americans.
His leadership on the House Intelligence Committee and his influential voice pushing the Trump Administration to secure our elections have helped make clear the stakes for our country in next year's election.
. EricSwalwell ran a passionate campaign, and I commend him for bringing more attention to the urgent need for gun safety reform in America.
It was the honor of my lifetime to serve with a man who I believe was a great president, a historic figure, and most important to me, a close friend. He selected me. Ill take his judgment about my record, my character, and my ability to handle the job over anyone
If we don't defeat Donald Trump, the character of this nation will be fundamentally and forever
I had the opportunity to meet Cameron Boyce at this years Courage Awards and through his work with ItsOnUs. He was filled with so much light and served as a tremendous role model for young people. He's gone far too soon. DrBiden and I are sending our prayers to his
Congratulations to the USWNT on back-to-back Womens World Cup titles! You never fail to make our country proud on and off the field.
This afternoon in Sumter, South Carolina, I discussed why I decided to run for Senate years ago to stand up to the abuse of power and to ensure all Americans have a fair shot at the American dream. Thank you to everyone who came out to join us!
Today I sat down with leaders in Williamsburg County, South Carolina. We talked about the issues impacting rural communities like broadband access, investing in education and infrastructure, and
Team, we're training a new generation of organizers across the country. Apply for the Team Joe Organizing Fellowship before Monday, July th to learn the ins-and-outs of grassroots and digital organizing in our eight-week online training program. Apply:
Im about to take the stage in Sumter, South Carolina. Watch live!
America is an idea, unlike any other country in the world.
No childs future should be determined by their gender, race, zip code, parents' income, or disability. Full stop. In a Biden administration, well make historic investments in our public schools to ensure every kid in America gets a fair shot. StrongPublicSchools
Thank you to NEAToday for a great discussion this afternoon on how we can work together to create StrongPublicSchools. I can promise you that DrBiden and I will be the best partners and fiercest advocates in the White House for Americas educators and students.
Had the opportunity to meet some incredible Iowans at yesterdays parade in Independence. Thank you to everyone who came out to celebrate the FourthOfJuly and the values that this country stands
Looking forward to joining NEAToday to discuss my plan for StrongPublicSchools. I know from watching DrBiden all these years that, for educators, their profession isnt just what they do, its who they are and its time we support them with the pay and dignity they
. DrBiden and I had a great time celebrating the FourthOfJuly at last night's IowaCubs game!
I had the opportunity to congratulate some newly minted U.S. citizens in Des Moines, Iowa. Tonights naturalization ceremony on the anniversary of our independence serves as a reminder that being a nation of immigrants is one of our greatest strengths.
We just wrapped up a great event in Marshalltown, Iowa. Thank you to everyone who came out to join us on this FourthOfJuly!
Every year on the FourthOfJuly, presidents, elected leaders, and everyday Americans come together at parades, bbqs, and baseball games to celebrate humankinds highest ideal liberty. Thats what were celebrating today in Iowa.
Will he offer a robust defense of the democratic values that have always been our strength in times of crisis? We all know the answer to that. Donald Trump is incapable of celebrating what makes America great because he doesnt get it.
What will Donald Trump say this evening when he speaks to the nation at an event designed more to stroke his ego than celebrate American ideals? Will he speak to the example America must set to inspire the world?
As I celebrate today with friends & family, I am reflecting on the promise those rebels envisioned years ago. America hasnt lived up to that promise for most peoplebut weve never stopped trying. We must continue in our pursuit until we achieve equality & liberty for all.
We have to be against his policies that are further entrenching economic inequality in this nation. That are rigging the system against the middle class. That too is an attack on our democracy, on our liberty.
Its not enough to be against the way Donald Trump conducts himself we have to be against the way he assaults the dignity of women, people of color, and immigrants.
We have to take on the inequalities in our system that are causing too many todayin America and around the worldto question their faith in the ability of democracy to deliver for them. Its not enough to be for political equality. We have to be for economic fairness as well.
My liberty, depends on yours. Our liberty as a nation rests on our ability to ensure equal access and equal opportunity not just for our own children, but all our children.
But we must also remember, as JFK put it, that ours is not the individual liberty of one but the indivisible liberty of all. Donald Trump doesnt get that.
America is the heart of the Free World, and we must defend it. That is how the FourthOfJuly is best honored by remembering that our Declaration is first and foremost a call to arms, in defense of liberty.
And ever since then, presidents and patriots have gathered together on the Fourth to reflect on the greater meaning of our American experiment.
years ago, a group of rebels in Philadelphia pledged their lives, their fortunes, and their sacred honor to a revolutionary idea, to the self-evident truth that all men and women are created equal.
Its fitting that were celebrating Independence Day in Independence, Iowa. Thank you to everyone who said hello at this mornings FourthOfJuly parade it was great to see so many supporters!
America is an idea stronger than any army, more powerful than any dictator. It gives hope to the most desperate people on Earth. Instills in us the belief that no matter where you start in life, there's nothing you can't achieve. That's worth celebrating. Happy FourthofJuly
Thank you to everyone who came out to our event in Waterloo! RSVP to join us tomorrow in Independence and Marshalltown:
DREAMersyoung people who came to the U.S. as childrenare Americans. They dont deserve to sit in limbo as the Supreme Court decides whether President Trump can end the Obama-Biden DACA policy. Congress should act now to give them a path to citizenship.
South Carolina, Im heading your way this weekend to talk with you about how well build an inclusive middle class where everyone comes along. Head to to RSVP for an event in your community.
Rooms of people packed body to body. Kids being held without access to showers or a change of clothes. Its simply abhorrent. We all have a moral obligation to keep speaking out until this administration ends these inhumane policies once and for all.
El Departamento de Comercio anunci que el formulario Censo no tendr la pregunta de ciudadana de Trump. Esto no es solo una victoria para los inmigrantes y latinos, sino para todos los estadounidenses. Todos merecemos ser contados sin temor!
John Walsh was an incredible coach and mentor. He always urged us to play the game and live our lives with passion and integrity. DrBiden and I are sending our prayers to his family he will be dearly missed.
Tomorrow, Im heading to Iowa with DrBiden to talk with voters about our bold vision for the future. We hope youll come out and join us! Head to to
But as we mark the th anniversary, we must recognize that the work is not done. Too many Americans still face the sting of systemic racism and discrimination. We must double down on our efforts to root out these evils and ensure America lives up to its promise for all.
It also laid the groundwork for other milestones and freedoms to follow from the Voting Rights Act of to the Americans with Disabilities Act of . Because when justice rings out for one group, it rings for all groups in America. Were all made better.
The Civil Rights Act for the first time made real the possibility of equal access to employment. It outlawed discrimination in public facilities, and it gave the Attorney General of the United States of America the power to enforce the law to combat discrimination.
It took the courage and determination of generations of African Americans who refused to wither in the face of racism and intolerance. Their resolve fundamentally changed the character of our nation for the better.
Today marks years since the signing of the Civil Rights Act the landmark piece of legislation that brought our nation closer to fulfilling the promise that was made two centuries earlier in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. A promise of equality, equity, and fairness for all.
The Department of Commerce just announced the Census will not have President Trumps citizenship question. This is not only a victory for immigrants and Latinos, but for all Americans. Everyone deserves to be counted and have their voices heard without fear.
Luis Alvarez was an American hero DrBiden and I are sending our thoughts and prayers to his family. No one should have to spend their final weeks fighting for the health care and benefits they deserve. We must do better for our /11 first responders.
Make no mistake, this is a modern-day poll tax that overturns the will of Florida voters. Its unacceptable. We must ensure everyone including individuals formerly incarcerated for felonies has the right to make their voices heard at the ballot box.
One in five students experience mental health problems, but too often they dont get the care they need. In a Biden administration, we will double the number of mental health professionals in schools to give our kids the support they deserve.
Income inequality is on the rise made worse by the Trump tax cut that was a giant giveaway to the super-wealthy. Weve got to rebuild the backbone of this country the middle class. That starts by rewarding work, not just wealth.
Iran has now restarted its nuclear program and has become more, rather than less, aggressive. Trump's Iran policy has alienated us from our allies and taken us to the brink of another war in the Middle East. Everything this president does is backwards.
Iran needs to get back into compliance with its nuclear commitments, but Trump appears to have no plan for ensuring that result either. His policy of maximum pressure has produced worse than minimum results.
And even as Trump has rushed to legitimize a dictator in North Korea with dozens of nuclear weapons, he trashed the Iran nuclear deal a deal that was working to keep Iran far away from a single nuclear bomb.
Not one missile or nuclear weapon has been destroyed, not one inspector is on the ground. If anything, the situation has gotten worse. North Korea has continued to churn out fissile material and is no longer an isolated pariah on the world stage.
Diplomacy is important, but diplomacy requires a strategy, a process, and competent leadership to deliver. After three made-for-TV summits, we still don't have a single concrete commitment from North Korea.
In this case, all Trump achieved was a mere promise to restart working-level negotiations negotiations that should have never ended.
Yet again, Donald Trump has demonstrated that he is more concerned with a photo op for himself than getting results for the American people. He has repeatedly elevated Kim Jong Un a murderous tyrant on the international stage in exchange for almost nothing.
President Trumps failure to lead on the climate crisis is inexcusable it endangers the future of our country and planet. As president, Ill rejoin the ParisAgreement and rally the world to push our progress further and faster.
If we want to make Donald Trump a one-term president, its going to take everyone stepping up and pitching in what they can. Will you make a donation before our big public fundraising deadline tonight?
This week, Im heading back to Iowa to talk with voters about why Im running for president and my bold vision for the future. Head to to RSVP to an event in your community. Hope to see you there!
Ive seen firsthand how hard Americas educators work for little pay and few resources. They deserve better. In a Biden administration, well support our educators by giving them the pay and dignity they deserve.
Were relying on the support of grassroots donors across the country to power this campaign not corporate PACs or lobbyists. Will you chip in before tonights end-of-quarter deadline?
Meeting the newest member of the Biden family today. Congratulations to my niece and nephew. This is what its all about. Welcome to the world, sweet Valerie
Yesterdays verdict doesnt take away the pain or the loss of Heather Heyer on that day in Charlottesville, but is hopefully a step toward healing and a sense of justice.
The same forces of hatred rooted in 'birtherism' that questioned BarackObama's American citizenship, and even his racial identity, are now being used against Senator KamalaHarris. Its disgusting and we have to call it out when we see it. Racism has no place in America.
We're in a battle for the soul of this nation. We can end the politics of division thats pulling this country apart and move forward again but its going to take everyone rolling up their sleeves and doing their part. Let's get to work.
Today marks years since the Stonewall uprising, where those brave individuals took a stand on Christopher St and changed our world forever. We must continue our fight for full LGBTQ equality until everyone is treated with the dignity and respect they deserve.
Ive fought my heart out to ensure that civil rights, voting rights, and equal rights are enforced everywhere. These rights are not up to the states to decide. They are embedded in our Constitution. And the federal government has a duty to protect the civil rights of all
At last nights first Democratic debate, I laid out why Im running for president and my bold vision for the future. A vision built on uniting our country, because there's not a single thing the American people cant do together.
I just got off the debate stage, where I laid out my vision for the country. Well work together to get it done, because theres not a single thing we cant do together. If you agreed with what you heard tonight, join our team and lets get to work:
Thats a wrap! Thanks for following along with us for night two of the Democratic debate. Make sure to follow TeamJoe to stay up-to-date on everything happening on the campaign. DemDebate TeamJoe
'There's not a single thing the American people can't do.' DemDebate
We know NATO will fall apart if Donald Trump is elected for four more years. Its the single most consequential alliance in the history of the United States.
Retweet if you're proud to be on TeamJoe!
The Biden administration will make the largest ever investment in clean energy research and innovation to develop zero-carbon technologies, so America is the engine of the worlds clean energy economy.
The members of the NRA are not our opponents the vast majority of them support common-sense reforms, including universal background checks. The gun manufacturers who bankroll the NRA are our opponent. As president, Biden will defeat them. DemDebate
The Iraq war was a strategic mistake that cost the U.S. dearly. As President, JoeBiden will use military power responsibly, and never commit our forces to a conflict without fully preparing for the consequences. DemDebate
Joe Biden shepherded through the Brady Background bill in and bans on assault weapons and high capacity magazines in . As president, Joe will defeat the NRA again.
Climate change is a global challenge that requires decisive action from every country around the world. Joe Biden will lead an effort to get every major country to ramp up the ambition of their domestic climate targets.
As President, Joe Biden will export our clean-energy technology across the globe and create high-quality, middle-class jobs here at home.
Joe Biden played a key role in securing the extension of the Voting Rights Actand has advocated for its renewal, and for stronger voter access protections, over the course of his career.
We would reunite those families, period.
Our immigration system must be fixed without tossing our morals aside. This all starts by protecting DREAMers and recognizing the value of immigrants.
As Vice President, Joe Biden worked with the leaders of the Northern Triangle (Guatemala, El Salvador, and Honduras) to institute reforms tackling corruption, violence, and economic inequality in their countries, reducing migration to the U.S. DemDebate
'Health care is personal to me... there are people right now who are facing what I faced, without any of the help I had. We must move now.'
Now, we need to finish the job and make health care a right for all, not a privilege for the few.
As VP, Joe Biden stood shoulder to shoulder with President Obama to pass the Affordable Care Act, which: Expanded coverage to million addl Americans Protected Americans with pre-existing conditions Expanded Medicaid to millions without access to health

We've got to do better for our educators and our students. In a Biden Administration, we will: Give our educators the pay and dignity they deserve Provide universal Pre-K for all Double the number of mental health professionals in schools
This country wasnt built by Wall Street bankers and CEOs and hedge fund managers. It was built by you. By ordinary people doing extraordinary things. Thats the history of the journey of America. DemDebate
Hey everyone TeamJoe here! Were taking over JoeBidens account while hes on stage for tonights Democratic debate. Throughout the evening, well be giving you the facts on Joe and his record. DemDebate
Im about to take the debate stage. The large, diverse Democratic field is evidence of our party's strength. And above all, we all agree that we need to make Donald Trump a one-term president. DemDebate
We have to choose hope over fear, truth over lies, and unity over division. I hope youll tune in tonight as we discuss these important issues and more. If you like what you hear, I ask you to join us by signing up at . Lets get to work.
We can do all this and more all that stands in the way is a broken political system. We have to unite this country. And we can do it without compromising our principles. Thats the only way were going to be able to harness the incredible potential of the American people.
Climate change is an existential threat. We have to take urgent, drastic action now to address the climate emergency. On day one, Ill take the bold action necessary to tackle this crisis head-on and rally the world to raise our ambitions.
We have to transform education. Well provide universal Pre-K, triple Title I funding, raise teacher pay, double the number of mental health professionals in our schools, and eliminate disparities between rich and poor schools.
Under my plan, everyone will have the option to buy into a public health plan like Medicare. And well guarantee that the poor who otherwise would be covered by the Medicaid expansion are automatically covered, free of charge.
We need to defend and build on the Affordable Care Act. I was proud every day to serve alongside President Obama as Vice President but never more so than the day the Affordable Care Act passed. Now we have to finish the job.
Its time to reward work, not just wealth. On day one, Ill move to: eliminate the Trump tax cut for the super-wealthy, cut the unjustified loopholes in our tax code, and use that money to invest in Americas future.
The poor are getting poorer and the bottom is falling out of the middle class. Income inequality is on the rise made worse by the Trump tax cut that was a giant give-away to the super-wealthy.
We have to rebuild the backbone of this nation the middle class. And this time make sure everyone comes along, regardless of race, gender, sexual orientation, religion, or disability.
Every day we are being reminded what this election is about. Who we are. What we stand for. What we believe. I am running to offer our country a different path not back to a past that never was, but to a future that fulfills our true potential as a country.
We know in our bones this election is different. We have a president who promotes hate and division. Encourages white supremacists. Embraces dictators. And damages our alliances internationally. Our politics traffics in division. And our president is the divider in chief.
In an hour, Ill take the stage for the first Democratic debate to discuss my vision for the country. As Ive said from day one, Im running for president for three reasons: to restore the soul of this nation, rebuild its backbone the middle class, and unify all Americans.
From day one, we've refused to take money from any corporate PACs or lobbyists. Today, Im building on that base by signing NoFossilMoneys pledge to reject support from the PACs, lobbyists, or executives of fossil fuel companies. I work for you not any
In America, every worker deserves fair treatment, safe workplaces, and the right to join a union. Period. Im proud to stand in solidarity with airport workers across the country as they strike for their right to organize. RespectUSworkers
Todays decision from the court hopefully means there will not be a question on the Census, but we have much more work to do to ensure all voices are heard in our democracy.
Make no mistake, the Trump Administration added a citizenship question to the Census to deliberately cut out the voices of immigrants and communities of color. Its wrong and goes against our core values as a nation.
Today the Supreme Court refused to stop politicians rigging our democracy by writing election rules for their own benefit. It couldnt have happened without Justices put there by Donald Trump and Republicans another reason why Democrats must take back the White House in .
I was proud to sign IndivisibleTeams pledge. Our large and diverse set of qualified Democratic candidates is evidence of our strength as a party, and I am committed to supporting whomever becomes the nominee. The most important thing is to beat Donald Trump. Period.
All marriages, at their root, are about love. And four years ago, the Supreme Court affirmed that simple proposition in Obergefell v. Hodges. Thank you to the generations of LGBTQ trailblazers who refused to bend before the voices of intolerance. Your courage changed the world.
This image is gut-wrenching. The cruelty we're seeing at our border is unconscionable. History will judge how we respond to the Trump Administrations treatment of immigrant families & childrenwe cant be silent. This isn't who we are. This is not America.
One year ago, the Supreme Court upheld Trump's Muslim banone of this administration's most egregious attacks on our core values. Wielding the politics of fear and intolerance by slandering entire religious communities as complicit in terrorism is wrong, and its not who we are.
DREAMers are Americans, and Congress needs to make it official. The millions of DREAMers and undocumented individuals in the United States can only be brought out of the shadows through fair treatment, not ugly threats.
In two days, Ill take the stage for the first Democratic debate to discuss my vision for the country. If you havent yet, RSVP to attend a watch party in your community today:
We need to face the facts on climate change: its an existential threat and its already here. Few cities know that better than Miami. We must take urgent action to tackle the climate crisis today.
Add your name to call on Congress to restore the Voting Rights Act and make every American's voice equal, once and for all. RestoreTheVote
Civil rights was one of the things that got me engaged in politics. Six years after Shelby County v. Holder, voting rights are under attack across the country. And thats one of the reasons Im running for president today. We must renew our efforts to protect the right to
We must secure our borders, but build the wall is a slogan divorced from reality. We need to focus on improving screening procedures at our legal ports of entry & making smart investments in border technology. These policies will do more for our security than a wall ever could.
. GabbyGiffords dedication to making our communities safer continues to be an inspiration. I join her in urging the Senate to vote on BackgroundChecksNow. We must take on the NRA and end the epidemic of gun violence in our country.
Thank you for a great weekend, South Carolina!
Trump slo est interesado en polticas que atacan la dignidad de la comunidad Latina y asustan a los votantes para que se presenten en las urnas el da de las elecciones, sin inters por abordar los desafos reales que enfrenta nuestro hemisferio.
Its clear Trump is only interested in using his policies to assault the dignity of the Hispanic community and scare voters to turn out on Election Day, while not addressing the real challenges facing our hemisphere. Read my full op-ed here:
Were bringing together supporters across the country for the first Democratic debate! Head to to RSVP to a watch party in your
The Trump Administration is arguing in the th Circuit that migrant children held in detention centers without soap, toothbrushes or beds are in conditions that are safe and sanitary. Its an all-out assault on human dignity and our standards as a nation. We must do better.
Trumps erratic, impulsive actions are the last thing we need as Commander-in-Chief. No president should order a military strike without fully understanding the consequences. We dont need another war in the Middle East, but Trumps actions toward Iran only make that more likely.
Planned Parenthood helps women and individuals get the health care they need especially preventive services like cancer screenings, mammograms, checkups, and contraception. Thank you to PPact for having me at todays WeDecide Forum to discuss these important
I support PPact because women and transgender individuals' health care is essential. Historically, women and particularly women of color have been put in a position where they cannot access health care, in a more extreme way more than any other part of the population.
Its always great to be back at the ClyburnFishFry. Thank you to ClyburnSC06 and everyone who came out for a great night!
President Trump continues to deny the scientific evidence in front of his own eyes and attack the progress weve made on climate change. Its unacceptable. In a Biden Administration, well turbocharge our efforts to achieve a % clean energy economy.
Climate change poses an existential threat to our communities, economy, national security, and environment. Our plan for a Clean Energy Revolution & Environmental Justice will address the climate emergency & protect our communities for generations to come.
We have to take on the epidemic of violence against the transgender community especially trans women of color. Ten trans women have been killed violently in so far. We must stand up, speak out, and put an end to this hate.
This month marks years since a movement was born on Christopher Street a movement that has delivered so much acceptance & hope & pride for the LGBTQ community. I stopped by TheStonewallNYC to celebrate the th anniversary of the uprising that changed our world
What we need is presidential leadership that will take strategic action to counter the Iranian threat, restore America's standing in the world, recognize the value of principled diplomacy, and strengthen our nation and our security by working strategically with our allies.
Make no mistake: Iran continues to be a bad actor that abuses human rights and supports terrorist activities throughout the region.
Its sadly ironic that the State Department is now calling on Iran to abide by the very deal the Trump Administration abandoned. By walking away from diplomacy, Trump has made military conflict more likely. Another war in the Middle East is the last thing we need.
But theyve only gotten more aggressive. Trump also promised that walking away would somehow lead to a better deal instead, the predictable has happened: Iran is building back up its nuclear capability.
He unilaterally withdrew from the hard-won nuclear agreement that the Obama-Biden Administration negotiated to stop Iran from getting a nuclear weapon. Trump promised that abandoning the deal and imposing sanctions would stop Irans aggression in the region.
President Trump's Iran strategy is a self-inflicted disaster. Two of America's vital interests in the Middle East are preventing Iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon and securing a stable energy supply through the Strait of Hormuz. Trump is failing on both counts.
As we recognize Juneteenth and the progress weve made since slavery, we must also double down on our efforts to root out systemic racism. We have to make sure were working to move closer to that more perfect union, to the idea of America that has inspired so many generations.
America was founded on the ideals of equality, equity, & fairnessbut has failed to live up to that promise for all people. In , the unemployment rate for black people is almost twice that of white people. Children born poor are twice as likely to stay poor if theyre black.
Trumps policies appear intentionally designed to aggravate the situation to scare Americans into re-electing him. Cutting off aid to Central America will increase migration to our Southern border, not reduce it.
President Trump threatening the mass deportation of immigrants is cruel and un-American. We can fix our broken immigration system and enforce our laws without tossing aside our values.
This is truly the most important election of our lifetime. If we want to defeat Donald Trump, its going to take everyone stepping up, speaking out, and taking action. Join our team today and lets get to work:
Trumps response to Charlottesville two years ago was abhorrent, but its not just that. Its happening every day. Separating children from their parents at the border. Attacking women's rights. Rolling back LGBTQ protections. Were better than this.
Trump continues to undermine our standing in the world. Our core values of inclusivity, diversity, respect for the rule of law, freedom of speech, freedom of the press, and freedom of religion are under attack here at home and abroad.
Just look at his tax plan. As president, Biden will reverse Trumps tax cuts for the super wealthy. Its time we reward work, not just wealth.
Lets be clear: President Trump inherited a growing economy from the Obama-Biden administration. And now, hes in the process of squandering it.
Hey there - TeamJoe here. President Trump dismisses everything he doesnt want to hear as FAKE NEWS -- so as he announces his re-election, we want to make sure you have the real facts on his record:
For all the hard-won progress, for as much as we can celebrate how much better things have gotten this fight is not over. We have to come together to stand up to abuses of power, ensure that everyone is treated with dignity, and fight for full
Stopped by TheStonewallNYC to celebrate PrideMonth & WorldPride where the movement began years
Its past time for a $15 minimum wage.
Ill be taking the stage at PM ET on June for the first Democratic debate! Were organizing debate watch parties in every corner of the country for the big night and need your help. Sign up to host one in your community:
This weekend, Im heading to South Carolina for the SCDP Convention and world-famous ClyburnFishFry! RSVP to come out and join us:
Under President Trumps policies, a four-month-old was separated from his family at the border. Its unconscionable and fundamentally at odds with everything our nation stands for. America is better than this.
Happy anniversary to the love of my life and the life of my love, DrBiden. Im forever grateful you agreed to spend the rest of your life with me. I love you, Jilly!
It will also include premium-free access to this public option for people who would otherwise qualify for Medicaid, but have been denied access to it by governors and state legislatures who have refused the Affordable Care Act's Medicaid expansion.
Lastly, I discussed how my health care plan will include access to a Medicare-like public option for anyone who wants it.
I declared that we have to do everything we can to protect the most sacred, fundamental right we have: the right to vote.
I discussed how in a Biden Administration, well support teachers and ensure every kid has access to a quality education. Because in America, no childs future should be determined by their zip code, parents income, race, or disability.
I talked about how the greatest sin is the abuse of power whether economic, or physical, or social. And, its our duty to fight back against those who would abuse it. That starts with access to a real living wage a $15 minimum wage.
I was honored to join UniteThePoor, RevDrBarber, and liztheo at todays PPCMoralCongress Presidential Forum.
Today, I took EricHolder's demredistrict pledge to support FairMaps. For too long, gerrymandering has allowed politicians to pick who they represent. Thats wrong. Im committed to fair redistricting where elected officials are accountable to those they represent.
Four years ago, a white supremacist walked into 'Mother Emanuel' and gunned down nine brave souls, including my friend Clementa Pinckney. It's not enough to remember them. We have to fight for them. We are in a battle for the soul of this nation.
years ago, BarackObama and I offered security to DREAMers, young people brought here as kids who only know America as home. Trump is trying to break our country's promise to them & continues to threaten their status. DREAMers are Americans. Its time we kept our word to them.
Good luck to the USWNT as they take on Chile! As we cheer them on in the World Cup, we must support their fight off the field for equal pay. In , its past time we close the pay gap and ensure women get paid as much as men. OneNationOneTeam
As my father believed, theres no higher calling for a woman or a man than to be a good mother or a good father. Happy Fathers Day to all the dads out there who work every day to help raise their childrenand all our childrento be honorable, generous, kind young men and
This country wasnt built by Wall Street bankers, CEOs, or hedge fund managers. It was built by the American middle class. Its time we recognize that. Weve got to build an economy and a tax code that rewards work, not just wealth.
In America, no childs future should be determined by their zip code, parents income, race, or disability. In a Biden Administration, well invest in our students, schools, and educators to ensure every kid gets a fair shot. Read the plan here:
The extraordinary bravery shown by hundreds of thousands in Hong Kong, marching for the civil liberties & autonomy promised by China is inspiring. And the world is watching. All of us must stand in support of democratic principles and freedom.
This is simple. No candidate running for office should help foreign governments undermine our democracy. That includes the sitting President of the United States. Our elections should be decided by the American people not Vladimir Putin.
Donald Trump doesnt think it matters if candidates accept damaging intel on their opponent from a foreign government. Hes dead wrong. Thats why Im signing the Pledge for Election Integrity. I refuse to help those who seek to undermine our democracy.
Every worker in this country deserves the dignity that comes with fair wages and benefits and the right to collectively bargain. Im proud to stand with Detroit security officers today as they fight for a $15 minimum wage and union rights. OneDetroit
Had great pancakes and great conversation at Tasty Cafe in Eldridge before heading to Clinton Community College for our final event this trip. Thank you for a great few days, Iowa!
I have nothing against Amazon, but no company pulling in billions of dollars of profits should pay a lower tax rate than firefighters and teachers. We need to reward work, not just wealth.
President Trump is once again welcoming foreign interference in our elections. This isnt about politics. It is a threat to our national security. An American President should not seek their aid and abet those who seek to undermine democracy.
We had a great day in Iowa talking about how we rebuild the backbone of our country the middle class. Thank you to everyone who came out to join us!
Today in , the Supreme Court struck down interracial marriage bans in Loving v. Virginiaa decision that inched us closer to our founding ideals of equality, equity, & fairness. The decision reminds us progress doesnt happen on its ownevery generation has to fight for it.
Our /11 first responders represent the best of our country selflessly rushing into danger to save others. We owe them so much, and the least we can do is provide the health care and benefits they deserve. Thank you, Jon Stewart, for continuing to have their backs.
Prayers are not enough to end these senseless mass shootings. This violence is not normal. As a country, we have a moral obligation to do everything in our power to stop the gun violence epidemic.
Three years later, the horrific attack on Pulse Nightclub still shakes our nation to the core. A night that should have been a celebration of love and life was cut short by unspeakable terror. Today, we remember those we lost including so many in the LGBTQ
President Trump thinks his tariffs are being paid by China. Just like he thinks Mexico is building the wall.
Tomorrow, were heading to Clinton, Iowa, and hope to see you there! RSVP at and spread the word to family and friends.
President Trump is bringing his secret one page agreement with Mexico to Iowa. The Iowans being crushed by his tariffs would like to see it.
Good luck to the USWNT as they kick off their first game of the Womens World Cup. DrBiden and I will be rooting for you! We have no doubt youll make our country proud.
Thank you for following along this afternoon! Follow TeamJoe to keep up with everything happening on the campaign. TeamJoe
We cant afford four more years of an administration that gambles with the livelihoods of American families. Working families deserve a president who is fighting for them. TeamJoe
Trump doesnt get the basics. He thinks his tariffs are being paid by China. Any freshman econ student could tell you that the American people are paying his tariffs. The cashiers at Target see whats going on they know more about economics than Trump. TeamJoe
He thinks hes being tough. Well, its easy to be tough when someone else is feeling the pain. How many farmers across Iowa and across this nation are facing the prospect of losing their business, of losing their farm because of Trumps tariffs? TeamJoe
Tune in here:
When it comes to President Trumps tariff war with China, one thing is clear: Americas farmers and manufacturers are getting crushed no one knows that better than Iowa. To Trump, the people getting hurt are just pawns in his game. TeamJoe
Hey everyone, TeamJoe here. Were taking over to keep you in the loop on our event in Ottumwa, Iowa. Stay tuned! TeamJoe
I'm headed to eastern Iowa this week to talk with voters about our vision for the future. Head to to RSVP to an event in your community.
It was great to be back in Atlanta! Thank you to Mayor KeishaBottoms for showing me around town and for your work expanding opportunity to every corner of the
President Trumps decision to abandon the ParisAgreement wasn't just recklessit abdicated our leadership on the world stage and threatened the future of our planet. On day one, Ill rejoin the Agreement and rally the world to push our progress further.
Jill & I were thrilled to be there today to watch our amazing granddaughter Maisy graduate. Maisy, you make us so proud & we cant wait to see what you do next with your talent, smarts, dedication and kindness. The future is yours, and Nana & Pop will always be right behind
As president, Ill lead America to become the worlds clean energy superpower.
Happy birthday to one of the strongest people Jill and I know, GabbyGiffords. You are an inspiration to so many people. Your courage and your advocacy have made our country a better place.
Happy BestFriendsDay to my friend,
The Bidens are celebrating my daughter Ashleys birthday today. DrBiden and I are so proud of everything she has accomplished and cant wait to see what she achieves in the years
Across America, mayors are stepping up and leading the way on combating climate change. Thank you to MartyForBoston for showing me the innovative work Boston is doing to protect the city from rising sea levels and increased
Iowa, were heading your way next week and hope to see you there! Go to to RSVP to an event in your community.
Make no mistake, how we act in the next years will determine the very livability of our planet. Well make the largest investment in American history to tackle the climate emergency head on and protect our planet for future generations.
This campaign is about listening to communities and working with them to find solutions to the issues on their minds. Yesterday we held a roundtable to do just that. Thank you to everyone who shared their stories with me in
I know how to beat the NRA because Ive done it before - twice. I shepherded through the passage of the Brady background check bill in , and bans on assault weapons and high-capacity magazines in . As president, I will defeat the NRA again.
We cant let a special interest group dictate the safety of the rest of the country. Thats why defeating the NRA is a key element of our education policy we introduced last week.
We will be rolling out policies to reduce gun violence in the coming months, but its clear we need to: - Close the loophole that allows individuals to buy guns online or at gun shows without a background check. - Ban the sale of assault weapons and high-capacity magazines.
There are actions that Congress can take right now if they were to listen to the majority of the American people who want to see our government take action to stop gun violence.
We don't need to convince the American public that common-sense measures to reduce gun violence are a good idea. in people believe that we need stricter gun laws.
This is politics at its worst. We should all feel safe to walk the streets of our own cities and towns. Our workers should feel safe at work. Our students should always feel safe at school.
We need action. But the NRA and gun manufacturers have such a firm grip on Republicans in Congress that they refuse to consider common-sense gun reforms.
Today is NationalGunViolenceAwarenessDay. Our team, and people across the country, are wearing orange in remembrance of the countless lives that have been cut short by senseless acts of gun violence in America.
Womens rights and health care are under assault in a way that seeks to roll back every step of progress weve made over the last years. If I believe health care is a right, as I do, I can no longer support an amendment that makes that right dependent on someones zip code.
Today, we honor all those who answered dutys call on June , , not only in memorials and remembrances, but in recommitting ourselves to the urgent task of defending those values for which they fought and so many died.
Their valor cemented in history their place of honor and it planted the seeds of what would grow to become the greatest military alliance in the history of the worldone that would preserve the peace and extend the hard won gains of democracy for their children and grandchildren.
We will never forget what the conviction and mettle of those young patriots achievedfor all of us.
With uncommon courage and unfailing honor, Allied forces claimed the first few feet in the drive to turn back an empire born of hatred and prevent it from consuming Europe. They did it not for personal posterity or political gain, but simply because there was no other choice.
years ago, far from home, on those bloody beachheads of Normandy, thousands of brave young Americans risked everything to prove that freedom, justice, and democracy would never bend before the forces of fascism and intolerance.
We cant afford four more years of President Trump attacking the progress weve made on climate change. On day one as president, Ill take the bold action necessary to tackle this crisis head on.
We had a great few days on the campaign trail in New Hampshire. Thank you to everyone who came out to join us! I look forward to being back
Spent yesterday afternoon in Plymouth, NH, discussing how we build our Clean Energy Revolution. Under our bold new plan, the United States will be a % clean-energy economy with net-zero emissions by . Read more here:
As the sun sets around the world, Jill and I want to extend our warmest wishes to those marking the end of Ramadan. May your celebrations be filled with family and joy. EidMubarak
Estamos enfrentando una emergencia climtica y debemos tomar medidas drsticas ya. Por eso, hoy, estoy anunciando mi plan para una Revolucin de Energa Limpia y Justicia
Chinas continuing oppression of its own people, especially the abuse and internment of more than one million Uyghurs, is one of the worst human rights crises in the world today. It cant be ignored. Human rights must be at the corenot peripheryof our engagement in the world.
Today is the anniversary of China's brutal crackdown in Tiananmen Square. Authorities tried to stop peaceful calls for political change with rifles & tanks. The courage of the Tiananmen generation hasn't been silenced & still inspires the fight for freedom and justice worldwide.
Making these revolutionary changes is going to take an incredible commitment at all levels, but I know we can meet this challenge. Because this is what America does bestsolving big problems, with big ideas. If you agree, please sign your name here:
We need to dramatically accelerate our worldwide effort to meet the intensity of the challenge we face. I hope you'll read my full plan to tackle the climate emergency and environmental injustices:
I will rejoin the Paris Climate Accord on Day One. But thats not sufficient. Ill immediately get to work leading a diplomatic initiative to get every nation to go beyond their initial commitmentto push our progress further, and faster.
Well hold polluters accountable for the damage they've causedparticularly in low-income communities and communities of color.
This initiative will create new, good-paying jobs all across the clean economy in the United States of America. Its an enormous opportunity.
Were going to make record-breaking investments in research and development and zero-carbon technologies so that America is the engine of the worlds clean economy. The United States will be a % clean-energy economy with net-zero emissions by .
Science tells us that how we act, or fail to act, in the next years will determine the very livability of our planet. As president, I will use every authority available to me to drive progress. I will accept no half-measures.
Today, President Trump denies the evidence in front of his own eyes, hides climate science produced by his own administration, and actively works to roll back what progress we have already made. Its reckless, its irresponsible, and its unacceptable.
We are in a climate emergency and we must take drastic action now to address it. So today, Im announcing my plan for a Clean Energy Revolution and Environmental Justice.
We have a major problem with educational inequality and we need to tackle it head on. In a Biden Administration, well triple Title I funding creating a historic investment in schools serving a high proportion of children from low-income families.
Happy birthday to the love of my life and the life of my love, DrBiden. Jilly, I love
Im looking forward to traveling to New Hampshire this week to talk to voters about my plans for our country. RSVP to join us in Berlin or Concord today:
Thank you HRC for having me tonight in Columbus. At a time when were seeing the forces of hate and intolerance push back on the progress weve made, your courage and grit gives me hope. I will always stand beside you as we fight for equality.
Gun violence occurs every day across America. Enough is enough. Not every life lost makes national headlines, but it's just as painful for those left behind. This is an epidemic plaguing our communities & destroying our childrens futures. We must act now.
Pride is about standing up to the voices of injustice and discrimination and declaring that everyone has the right to live proud, open, and free. It's about love. We join the LGBTQ community in celebration and remember the fight is not over. We march on. Happy PrideMonth
innocent lives cut down. more futures denied. When will we finally say enough is enough? Its long past time to hold our leaders accountable. Jill and I are heartbroken that more American families are suffering tonight in Virginia Beach.
Americas teachers have been forced to make ends meet with too little pay and too few resources. That changes with a Biden Administration. Well finally support our educators with the pay and dignity they deserve.
One in five children experience mental health challenges, but too many dont get help. My plan doubles the number of mental health professionals in schools to ensure every student gets the support they need. Read the full plan here:
Every day, were witnessing the Trump Administration attack the hard fought progress made by the LGBTQ community. We can't go backwards. It's up to all of us to stand up to these injustices. I'm looking forward to joining HRC tomorrow to talk about the work that remains.
Thad Cochran was a friend and a true patriot in every sense of the word. Jill and I are sending our condolences to Thads family, he will be sorely missed.
Jill and I were honored to join todays Memorial Day service in Delaware. We must remember the brave women and men and their families who gave everything in service to our
Thank you KamalaHarris from me, Jill, & all the Bidens for your kind remembrance of Beau today. My dad used to say that you know you are a success as a parent when you turn & look at your child & realize they turned out better than you I'm so proud of the man Beau became.
Weve got to invest in every child regardless of zip code or race or parents' income. In a Biden Administration, well provide high-quality, universal pre-K for all three- and four-year-olds to ensure every kid gets a fair shot. Read the full plan:
South Carolina would be lucky to have harrisonjaime representing them in the Senate. He has the character, intelligence, and integrity needed to serve his community well. I hope you'll JoinJaime.
Our motivated students make me believe Americas best days are still ahead. Thank you to Mayor Mike_Rawlings and SPARKDallas for a great
We had a great first day in Texas! Thank you to rweingarten and AFTunion for the discussion on how we improve our education system. It's time we increase teacher pay and ensure that no childs future is determined by their zip code, parents income, race, or
There is no doubt in my mind that if we take these steps, no nation on earth will be able to match the United States of America. To read more about our plan, head to .
Our children are our future, its time we start investing in them from
Its our responsibility to provide every middle and high school student a path to a successful
In America, no childs future should be determined by their zip code, parents income, race, or
We must invest in our public schools so students can grow into healthy adults and educators can focus on
Its time we give our educators the pay and dignity they
Our plan will increase teacher pay and provide them with the support they deserve. Well invest in all children from birth, so that regardless of their zip code, parents income, race, or disability they are prepared to succeed in tomorrows economy.
Ive seen firsthand how hard teachers work with little support and few resources. Weve got to do better. Thats why today, surrounded by Americas teachers, we laid out our plan for educators, students, and our future:
Teachers like Ronniece are not only educating our children theyre building the future of our
Every MemorialDay, Jill and I remember those who made the ultimate sacrifice in service of our nation. Our troops are the heart, soul, & spine of Americamay we never fail to honor the memory of those who have fallen and ensure their spirit lives on in both our words and deeds.
Everybody knows who Donald Trump is, we have to let them know who we are. We choose hope over fear. Truth over lies. And unity over
Im running to offer our country a different path. Not back to a past that never was, but to a future that lives up to our founding ideals and fulfills our true promise as a country. If youre with me, join our campaign today:
Across the country, too many families are being left behind. Weve got to rebuild an inclusive middle class where everybody regardless of race, gender, religion, ethnicity, sexual orientation, or disability gets a fair shot.
With so much happening on the campaign, we want to make sure youre up-to-date on the latest news. Text JOIN right now to to make sure you dont miss a thing!
Let me make one thing clear, the promise of this nation will not be extinguished on my
I can promise you this: I will do whatever it takes to make progress on the issues that matter
I know how to make government work not because Ive talked or tweeted about it. But because Ive done
Im proud to stand with SEIU and workers across the country today in the FightFor15. We must restore the dignity of work and ensure everyones treated with respect. That starts with raising the minimum wage to $15, strengthening our unions, and creating safe work environments.
Over the last year, six children have tragically died in US custody at the border. Its unacceptable. Its not who we are. And silence is complicity. Its on all of us to stand up and speak out. America is a nation of immigrants. We must guarantee everyone's treated with dignity.
On Saturday, we officially kicked off our campaign in Philadelphia the city that brought our nation together over years ago. Im running for president to unite our country, because when we come together and act as one America theres nothing we cant
In the years since we passed the Violence Against Women Act, weve made great strides in protecting women from abuse. But the latest reauthorization is being held up by the NRA. Its outrageous. This shouldnt be a partisan issuethe Senate should pass the VAWA immediately.
Our politics today has become so mean and petty it traffics in division and our president is the divider in chief. This is not who we
We were born of an idea that every single person no matter where they come from can achieve anything if they work at
Thats why Ive spent my whole career fighting and I will continue to fight like hell so that no one ever has to make that walk again. If youre with me, I hope you'll join my campaign and chip in what you can:
My dad had to make that walk in Scranton, Pennsylvania. It wasnt until I was older that I realized how hard it must have been for him. But he was not alone. This story isnt unique to the Bidens. Too many people around this country have had to make that walk.
And he doesnt understand that the longest walk a parent can make is up a short flight of stairs to their childs bedroom to say, honey, I'm sorry. We have to move. You cant go back to your school. You wont see your friends because Daddy or Mommy lost their job.
Trump doesnt understand the struggles working folks go through. He doesnt understand what its like to worry you will lose the roof over your head. He doesnt understand what its like to wonder if youll be able to put food on the table.
Yesterday, Trump tried to attack me at his campaign rally by saying I abandoned Pennsylvania. Ive never forgotten where I came from. My family did have to leave Pennsylvania when I was we moved to Delaware where my Dad found a job that could provide for our family.
States across the nation are passing extreme laws that violate a womans constitutional right to choose. These bills are a blatant attempt to overturn Roe v Wade. It's wrong. It's pernicious. We must StopTheBans and ensure this choice remains between a woman and her
Thank you to everyone who joined us in Philadelphia, attended watch parties in all states and Puerto Rico, and tuned in across the nation. We're just getting started. I know if we work together, there's nothing we can't do. Sign up to join us:
Thanks so much for following along this afternoon! Follow TeamJoe to stay up-to-date on everything happening on the campaign. TeamJoe signing off!
Its time we pick our heads up, come together, and remember our best days are still ahead.
America has stood as a beacon of hope around the world for generations.
Joe helped make government work before, and hell make it work again.
At the core of our campaign is a simple idea: we are at our best when were one America.
We choose hope over fear, truth over lies, and unity over division.
Its up to every generation to do the work to protect and perfect our democracy.
Joe introduced one of the first climate change bills in the Senate and has been at the forefront of the fight ever since. As president, hell take aggressive action to protect our planet for future generations.
From ensuring everyone has quality, affordable health care to action on climate change everything is on the line in this election.
Our nation was founded on the principles of equality, equity, and fairness. But from day one, America has failed to live up to that promise for most of its people. We must do better. We can do better.
Simply put: we are better than this.
We the People. Those three words changed everything.
. TeamJoe here! Were taking over to keep you in the loop on our campaigns official kickoff in Philadelphia. If you arent already, head to to tune in.
Im about to take the stage, so Im handing over the account to my staff to make sure you dont miss a thing. Head to to tune in as we launch our campaign.
The life of my love the love of my life the person who put our family back together. I love you, Jilly! DrBiden
Over years ago, our nation was born out of a bold statement: We the People. Not You. Not Me. But
Watch Live: Joe Biden Officially Launches Campaign for President
Im so excited to be in Philadelphia the birthplace of American democracy to launch our campaign. Ill be taking the stage soon, head to to tune in.
No one should be fired, denied a home or access to services because of who they are or who they love. But thats not the reality for many LGBTQ Americans. Todays historic passage of the EqualityAct moves us one step closer to righting this wrong the Senate should act now.
At the core of our campaign is the idea that we always do better when we act as one America. If we choose unity over division theres nothing we cant do. Tune in tomorrow at PM ET to join us as we kick off our campaign in Philadelphia:
Thank you to the NVAssemblyDems & NVSenateDems for their hard work and the people of Nevada for making this a reality. The Silver State is in good hands with these women leading the way.
Our campaign is built on restoring the American idea, that all men and women are created equal. Thats why were basing our campaign in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania -- the birthplace of this great experiment, American
Los EEUU fueron fundados con una simple frase: We the people. Nosotros el Pueblo. Me postulo para Presidente para unificar nuestro pas y asegurar que alcancemos el ideal de nuestros fundadores. nase este sbado en Filadelfia para lanzar nuestra campaa:
Im running for president to restore the soul of this nation, rebuild its backbone the middle class, and unify all Americans. If youre with me, join us as we launch our campaign in Philadelphia this Saturday:
It was good to be back in New Hampshire! Thank you to everyone who came out to join us in Hampton, Manchester, and
Thank you to the hundreds of people who joined us yesterday in the cold and rain in Nashua, NH. Our political system is broken, but Im more optimistic about Americas chances today than I have ever been. If we come together and remember who we are, theres nothing we cant
Republicans in AL, FL, GA, and OH are ushering in laws that clearly violate Roe v Wade and they should be declared unconstitutional. Roe v Wade is settled law and should not be overturned. This choice should remain between a woman and her doctor.
Everyone deserves to be treated with dignity and respect under the lawregardless of who they are or who they love. Now is not the time to back down. We must stand up to this Administration's intolerance and ensure America lives up to our founding ideals.
We simply cannot accept that the number of uninsured Americans is growing. We need to defend the Affordable Care Act and build upon the progress we made to ensure every American has access to high quality, affordable health care.
This Saturday, were officially launching our campaign to unite this country in Philadelphia the city that first brought our nation together over years ago. Wed love to see you there, head to to RSVP and learn
Every American should be encouraged to exercise their right to vote. I stand with JeanneShaheen in opposing the voter suppression law that makes it harder for students in New Hampshire to participate in our political process. This law should be overturned.
Join us in Philadelphia on Saturday, May th, as we officially launch our campaign! Head to to RSVP today.
Our campaign starts at the local level. Neighbors talking with neighbors, communities coming togetherthats how well change the country. Thats why were organizing watch parties all across this nation to launch our campaign. Sign up to host yours today.
New Hampshire, were heading to Manchester tomorrow and wed love to see you there! Head to to RSVP.
My mom was an incredible woman, and I miss her. She would always tell us that courage is the greatest virtue, because without courage you cannot love with abandon. She lived her life that way, loving us with abandon. I want to wish every mother out there a Happy Mothers
TeamJoe is hosting house parties across the country to help kick off our campaign. RSVP at to attend a watch party in your community.
New Hampshire, were taking our campaign your way next week! Head to to find an event near you.
Cant make it to Philadelphia for our kickoff rally on Saturday, May th? Visit to attend a watch party in your community. BidenForPresident
We need policies that reflect this urgency. I'll have more specifics on how America can lead on climate in the coming weeks.
Im proud to have been one of the first to introduce climate change legislation. What I fought for in is more important than ever climate change is an existential threat. Now. Today.
Our movements strength is rooted in communities all across this country. Thats why were bringing together TeamJoe to officially kick off our campaign. Sign up to help by hosting a watch party in your community at
Its time we restore the great American middle class that built this country. That starts with making a $15 minimum wage the law of the land, ensuring health care is a right not a privilege, and creating a tax code that rewards work, not just
Thanks to my friend, Mayor EricGarcetti for the tacos yesterday in Los Angeles. Ill be back soon and the ice cream is on me.
Im proud to stand with Uber and Lyft drivers across the country today. Every worker in this country deserves to be treated with dignity and respect.
Were officially kicking off our campaign with a rally in Philadelphia on Saturday, May th! RSVP to join us by heading to .
We must remember Kendrick's name and sacrifice. We must ensure his legacy lives in our shared commitment to stopping these tragedies. Children shouldnt fear going to school and parents shouldn't need to rely on the uncommon courage of an -year-old hero to keep their kids safe.
Kendrick Castillo will not collect his high school diploma this week because he gave his life trying to protect his classmates from another senseless act of violence in an American school yesterday. My heart goes out to his family and all those affected by yesterday's shooting.
One year ago, this Administration began ripping apart immigrant families. Putting children in cages. As I told Astrid_NV and other brave activists today, we can fix our broken immigration system without tossing aside our
Im so inspired by DrBiden for her dedication to educating future generations. Happy TeacherAppreciationDay to all the hardworking educators out there!
Folks, were getting ready for our event this afternoon in Nevada and wed love to see you there! RSVP at:
Hey Rocco, happy th birthday! Sorry I missed the party. I hope you got some ice cream with that Biden2020 cookie.
Congratulations to the Duke and Duchess of Sussex, Prince Harry and Meghan Markle, on the birth of their baby boy! The truth is theres no better job than being a parent. Jill and I wish you the best of luck on your next chapter.
On Saturday, Jill and I visited Columbia, South Carolina, to discuss how well build an inclusive middle class where everyone regardless of race, gender, sexual orientation, religion or disability comes along. Thank you to everyone who joined us, well be back soon!
Nevada, were taking our campaign to Henderson tomorrow, May th! Head to to RSVP and come join us.
On this first day of Ramadan, Jill and I wish peace and happiness to Muslims around the world celebrating the holy month. Ramadan Kareem.
Our country may seem more divided than ever, but I know our best days are still ahead. Its time we lift our heads up and remember who we are. If youre ready to get to work, join our campaign today.
Were in the battle for the soul of this nation, but Ive never been more optimistic about our future. If we work together, I know we can get this country back on track. Join our campaign:
America is an idea that has grown stronger through the unique contributions of Latinos. latinovictoryus works tirelessly to empower the community congrats on years.
Were kicking off this campaign on May thand we need TeamJoes help. Sign up to host a house party to tune in with your friends and family:
Thank you for the warm welcome, Columbia! Its always great to be back in South
Ive seen the selfless heroism of firefighters firsthand they run toward danger and risk their lives every single day for strangers. On International Firefighters' Day, I extend my deepest gratitude to all the men and women who keep our communities safe.
Tough, resilient, and always full of hope thats the America I know and thats the America we must restore. Its time to dig deep, take action, and fight for the soul of this nation. Join our campaign and lets get to work.
Since we launched our campaign last week, weve seen Americans in every corner of the country step up and say theyre in. Will you join us? Head to and be part of our team.
Last year, Floridians voted to restore voting rights to those who served their time for felonies. But today, Florida's Senate votes on a bill that would instead create a modern-day poll tax, suppressing the vote of tens of thousands of Americans. This is unacceptable.
On Holocaust Remembrance Day, let us pause and reflect on the millions of Jews who lost their lives at the hands of the Nazi regime. The events of the last few months remind us that its not enough to just say never againwe must speak up and act against hate.
This country wasnt built by Wall Street bankers and CEOs and Hedge Fund Managers. It was built by you the great American middle class. Im thankful for all the support this week from union membership and their families, including the
Today, the House votes on HR9, the ClimateActionNow Act, which restores our commitment to the ParisAgreement. We need to face facts on climate change. Its already here. It is a major threat to our future and we simply cannot wait to take action.
Happy th Birthday to Amtrak and the incredible men and women whose tireless work every day keeps the trains running and our country
Im the proud husband of a teacher and know first-hand the impact of their work. Teachers around the country and in South Carolina deserve to earn a living wage and have smaller class sizes so that America can continue to out-educate and lead the world. AllOutMay1
The violence in Venezuela today against peaceful protesters is criminal. Maduro's regime is responsible for incredible suffering. The U.S. must stand with the National Assembly & Guaid in their efforts to restore democracy through legitimate, internationally monitored elections.
It's no secret that I love ice cream. I enjoyed stopping by The Cone Shoppe in Monticello for some chocolate/vanilla twist soft serve and the chance to talk with some Iowans after our first campaign
It was great to see many of our first responders and union leaders in Cedar Rapids today. This country was built by hard working Americans like you, and I look forward to being back soon!
Today, The House will hold it's first hearing on the Equal Rights Amendment in years. It's way past time to give all people protection under the Constitution--human rights should never be caught up in the whims of whichever political party is in power. We need the ERANow.
Serving as BarackObama's Vice President was a privilege and an honor. We share the belief that America is a place where ordinary people do extraordinary things and anything is
Folks, were just getting started! Ill be heading to Iowa next. Visit for event details and to RSVP. Hope to see you soon!
We must turbocharge our efforts to address climate change that threatens communities across the country. Through clean, renewable energy and cleaner, safer, faster transportation, America will not only help the environment but provide millions of good-paying middle-class jobs.
Whether youre covered through your employer, on your own, or not at all - you should have a choice to buy into a public option health plan like Medicare.
The Affordable Care Act was a huge step forward for this country. Now we have to finish the job and make health care a right, not a privilege, and give everyone the peace of mind they deserve.
By making post-secondary education and training affordable to and making sure the economy works not only for folks with a four-year degree but also for those who complete on-the-job training and trade programs, too.
Twelve years of education is not enough. In order to rebuild a strong middle class, we must provide skills needed to do the jobs of the st Century.
We need to get rid of the capital gains loophole for multimillionaires. Im going to change it so millionaires and billionaires dont pay lower tax rates than teachers and firefighters. We need to reward work in this country, not just wealth.
Companies continue to squeeze every last penny out of workers, making it harder and harder for Americans to make ends meet. Its way past time we make a $15 minimum wage the law of the land.
This country wasnt built by Wall Street bankers and CEOs and hedge fund managers. It was built by you. The great American middle class. Thats the story of America and together we can rebuild the backbone of this nation.
As I shared in Pittsburgh today, there are three reasons Im running for President - to restore the soul of our nation, rebuild its backbone - the middle class, and unify all Americans. If you stand with me, join our campaign:
I'm sick of this President badmouthing unions. Labor built the middle class in this country. Minimum wage, overtime pay, the -hour week: they exist for all of us because unions fought for those rights. We need a President who honors them and their work.
I couldn't be more proud to have the International Association of Fire Fighters on my team. Unions built the middle class in this countryand as President, I'll fight to strengthen them and grow the backbone of this country.
I've said it before and I'll say it again. To speak to the middle class, we need to reject the super PAC system. That's exactly what this campaign is doing.
Join me in Pittsburgh tomorrow for a discussion on my plan to build a middle class where everyone comes along. RSVP to let me know youll be there:
Iowa, I'm headed to town this week! Let me know you'll join us by RSVPing at
Dick Lugar was among the most decent men I have ever known. Kind, loyal, dedicated beyond measure to the service of the American people. Dick Lugar was my dear friend. Jill and I send our condolences to his wife Charlene and the entire Lugar family.
Wishing everyone in the Orthodox Christian community a peaceful and joyful Easter celebration with friends, family and loved ones. God Bless.
Jill and I are devastated to hear about todays shooting at the Chabad Poway synagogue. No one should have to worship in fear. As a country, we must speak out against bigotry and gun violence. Were in the battle for the soul of this nationand its on all of us to act.
I have a message for TeamJoe: Thank you!
I had the privilege to thank one of our grassroots donors. It's because of supporters like Josh we're able to make this campaign a reality and bring this country
Thank you to the women of TheView for the conversation today. Its always a pleasure to sit down with you at the table. TheView Credit: ABC/Lorenzo
Looking forward to joining the women of TheView today for my first live interview since announcing my campaign for President. Tune in e|10c|p on ABCNetwork. TheView
UPDATE: Were about to close the books on an AMAZING first day of our campaign. Its not too late to be a part of it. Chip in before midnight to be a Day One donor.
Our campaign is off to a great start thanks to thousands of Americans who have made donations. If you havent had the chance just yet, I hope you will join us too! Head to to make a donation today. Joe2020
Folks, earlier today I announced that Im running for President of the United States. The strength of this movement depends on you. Head over to to make a donation today. Joe2020
Our country is being put to the test, but Ive never been more optimistic about America. Together we can do this. Make a Day One donation to join us.
Hoy estoy anunciando mi candidatura para presidente de los Estados Unidos. Somos los Estados Unidos de America - y juntos no hay nada que no podamos hacer. nete a nuestra campaa:
The core values of this nation our standing in the world our very democracy...everything that has made America -- America --is at stake. Thats why today Im announcing my candidacy for President of the United States. Joe2020
The hard working men and women of UFCW that I met today are going without pay during this strike. If you can, pitch in to make sure that those workers facing the greatest hardship are supported.
My wife Jill always reminds me that any country that out-educates us will out-compete us. Our teachers must have the resources they need & the wages they deserve so that America will continue to lead the world. Great speech today on this from rweingarten.
I'm on my way up to a rally at StopandShop in Boston to stand with some of the UFCW union members who are currently fighting against cuts to wages and health care for themselves and their families. Stand with us:
For centuries, Notre Dame Cathedral has withstood wars, revolutions, and the test of time. It is a symbol of faith & a testament to history. And even as our hearts break to see it burn today during the holiest week of the year for Catholics, I have faith that it will rise again.
This is powerful. I would encourage everyone to read and take to heart Kyles message on privilege.
In the last years, StopandShop's parent company has bought back billions of dollars in stock. Now they want to cut employee wages & benefits. This is wrong. I stand with the UFCW workers fighting for their healthcare. Join me and support them:

I see that you are on the job and presidential, as always.
Social norms are changing. I understand that, and Ive heard what these women are saying. Politics to me has always been about making connections, but I will be more mindful about respecting personal space in the future. Thats my responsibility and I will meet
Stoning people to death for homosexuality or adultery is appalling and immoral. Every single person on earth is entitled to be treated with dignity and to live without fear. There is no excusenot culture, not traditionfor this kind of hate and inhumanity.
. NRA opposition to a full reauthorization of the Violence Against Women Act is sickening. We must do more to protect victims of stalking and abuse. It makes no sense to allow those who perpetrated the abuse to have access to deadly firearms. We must stand up now for survivors.
Whether on the assembly line, at the grocery store checkout, or in the boardroom, every woman deserves to make every penny a man doing the same job makes. The PaycheckFairnessAct will help us get there. Congratulations rosadelauro and thank you for your leadership on this.
I was honored to meet Vlad and Adrianna tonight at the BidenCourageAwards. These young people exemplify what ItsOnUs is all about. I hope their bravery inspires more to take action to change our culture. Join these leaders and sign the ItsOnUs pledge:
Im proud of my alma mater UDelaware & the student organizers of UDance for their commitment to fighting childhood cancer. Today, they are hosting a hour dance marathon benefiting the BePositiveFdn. Join me in supporting this worthy cause.
The people of Guatemala should be the ones to choose their next president. The stakes are high: promoting transparency, shared prosperity, and combating corruption. For this reason, the TSEGuatemala needs to certify all eligible presidential candidates by the Sunday deadline.
Silence is complicity. Our children are listening. The time to speak out is now.
Whether it is antisemitism in Pittsburgh, racism in Charlottesville, or the xenophobia and Islamophobia today in Christchurch, violent hate is on the march at home and abroad. We cannot stand by as mosques are turned into murder scenes.
On behalf of Jill, myself, and all of the Bidens, our hearts go out to the community in Christchurch suffering from todays senseless violence. Friday prayers for those who were gathered at their mosques has seen families torn apart by hate.
No one should live in fear of being fired, evicted from their home, or denied service in a restaurant just because of their gender identity or who they love. The EqualityAct is long overdue, and will ensure LGBTQ Americans are treated with the dignity and respect they deserve.

Joe Boardman led Amtrak through difficult times, taking over during the worst economic crisis since the Depression, and starting a modernization that will help deliver the st century rail system America deserves. My thoughts are with his wife Joanne and their family.
Each year on International Womens Day, we reaffirm the straightforward truth that achieving the goal of full and equal rights for women is essential to the success of all our nations. More on IWD2019 here:
Youre right, Cynthia. I was making a point in a foreign policy context, that under normal circumstances a Vice President wouldnt be given a silent reaction on the world stage. But there is nothing decent about being anti-LGBTQ rights, and that includes the Vice President.
Notes are ready. Be sure to tune in at pm ET when I will sit down at UDBidenSchool with author and historian jmeacham to talk about his book The Soul of America and the state of our democracy today.
Foreign election interference is not only a serious threat to our democratic institutions, its a threat to our national security. Russia and other authoritarian regimes are actively seeking to try to change outcomes of our democratic elections, and we cant allow that to happen.
Today I congratulated President IvanDuque on his successful visit to Washington. Maintaining strong bipartisan support for Colombia is vitally important to meeting key security and economic challenges in the hemisphere, including humanitarian aid for refugees from Venezuela.
Stand with survivors and advocates like nguyen_amanda, ZerlinaMaxwell, ruthmglenn, DavidsonJess22, Mariska, and so many others. Reauthorize VAWA now.
There is nothing more powerful that Congress can do to help women, strengthen families, and save lives than reauthorizing VAWA. Now.
VAWAs power is that it gets stronger with each reauthorization. This year can be no different. Like was done in and and , we must expand the reach of VAWA to respond to the needs of survivors at risk every day.
One in five women will still be victims of rape or attempted rape in their lifetimes. On average, three women a day are murdered by their husbands or boyfriends. Nothing is more urgent than reauthorizing and expanding the law that makes women safer.
Since the passage of VAWA, annual rates of domestic violence have dropped by %. The National Domestic Violence Hotline responds to more than people a month, creating a safety net for survivors. We have made progress, but there is much more to do. Right now.
When I wrote the Violence Against Women Act in , I believed it would be a lifeline. But this Congress has turned it into a political football. Its time to pass a strong reauthorization to the Violence Against Women Act. No more stalling. Lives are on the line.
I know from personal experience the only way to overcome grief is to find purpose. The Parkland students & families will not allow us to turn away from our responsibilities to those fallen angels. We arent there yet, but with their determination & insistence, well get there.
One year after the tragic massacre in Parkland, weve not done nearly enough to ensure this will never happen again. In the last year far too many have died from gun violence. But I have hope. MSDStrong
Only a tyrant would prevent the delivery of food and medicine to people he claims to lead. The international community must support Juan Guaido and the National Assembly. It is time for Maduro to step aside and allow a democratic transition. The Venezuelan people deserve better.
John Dingell was the Dean of the House. He earned that title not just because he was there the longest but because he led with great moral courage and vision. He was a friend and I will miss him terribly. Debbie is in my prayers.
Stacey Abrams achieved in a matter of minutes something Donald Trump failed to do in over an hour -- to embrace and give voice to the spirit and core values that make America great.
Today far too many transgender youth continue to face rejection at home and discrimination in their communities. Check out the work bidenfoundation is doing with lgbtmap and genderspectrum to support these young people: AdvancingAcceptance
There is no place for racism in America. Governor Northam has lost all moral authority and should resign immediately, Justin Fairfax is the leader Virginia needs now.
Through the HandsOffIX website, endrapeoncampus, knowyourIX have helped thousands make their voices heard in the notice and comment process.
Fellow UDelaware Blue Hen Sage_Gaea of knowyourIX has done so much for the students of Delaware through her advocacy, and is now fighting for students across the country.
. DavidsonJess22 of endrapeoncampus has been advocating for safer campuses since long before I met her in the White House. Jess, Im so grateful for your tireless work, and proud of all that you continue to
Students and survivors are making their voices heard. Grassroots organizers are working to make sure these guidelines are never put into effect.
This week bidenfoundation submitted a comment to the Department of Education about proposed changes to TitleIX guidance. These new rules would endanger students and make it harder for survivors of sexual assault to seek justice.
What happened today to JussieSmollett must never be tolerated in this country. We must stand up and demand that we no longer give this hate safe harbor; that homophobia and racism have no place on our streets or in our hearts. We are with you, Jussie.

An untested rape kit means a survivor without justice. I wrote the first rape kit backlog law because every survivor deserves closure, and because evidence shows testing kits can identify men who have committed multiple rapes - and might again. Test every kit. Every single one.
The spirit of Dr. King is still with us. It has burrowed deep into the soul of this nation. It will not let us rest. On MLKDay we must heed Dr. Kings admonition from his final sermon and do our part to make America what it ought to be.
Congratulations to the two women who led the way: RepLonghurst and HansenForSenate, as well as all of the lawmakers, activists, and citizens who made this happen.
Equality of rights under the law shall not be denied or abridged on account of sex. Another step forward for equality and basic dignity in Delaware tonight, as the Equal Rights Amendment is enshrined in our states Constitution.
White supremacists and their shameful ideology should have no place in this country in , let alone a voice of sympathy in the United States Congress.
I know Im a little biased, but this post from Jill DrBiden in the BidenForum is a must-read. Her story of the strong middle-class values that shaped her is Americas story. And she tells it so well.
It is clear this administration has abandoned those core American beliefs. Secretary Mattis presence and his voice of reason and experience will be missed in the Pentagon and the Situation Room.
Ive had disagreements with Secretary Mattis, but we shared the view long-held by Democrats and Republicans in this nation that respect for our allies and a commitment to the most important and effective alliances in history made America safer.
Friends don't let friends go uninsured. If you still need health insurance for , tomorrow, December th, is the last day to get it through . This is about your health and peace of mind for you and your loved ones there's nothing more
This summer, the bidenfoundation asked you to share stories about the importance of family and community acceptance for LGBTQ young people. Heres what youve said so far:
Now thats more like it.
President George H.W. Bush was a decent, kind, and gracious statesman. This nation will miss him. Our condolences go out to the entire Bush family for their
Grateful for the time spent with loved ones this Thanksgiving, and grateful for the sacrifice of those military families whose loved ones are on duty, unable to be with their families. From our family to yours, Happy Thanksgiving.
Betsy DeVos new Title IX rules will discourage sexual assault reporting and investigations. When in women experience sexual assault while in college, we cant afford to go backwards. Share your views:
The fires continue to burn in California, and our firefighters are among those who are losing everything. Right now, no matter where you live, you can help. Please give to support firefighters who have lost their homes to the wildfires:
Instead of saying every legal vote should be counted in Florida, Republicans have adopted a strategy to discredit the process. Its wrong and its dangerous. Count every single lawful vote. Count them fairly. Count them
Congratulations to kyrstensinema for a well-earned victory tonight. Shes going to do incredible work for Arizona. Credit to MarthaMcSally as well for handling the results with true dignity and class.
Every military family knows what it means to sacrifice. Every individual life and story matters. It is who we are as Americans. On VeteransDay and every day we must stand up for the men and women who put their lives on the line to defend us.
Its the most fundamental American right: the right to vote and for your vote to be counted. Count all the votes in Florida, Georgia, and Arizona. Count them fairly. Count them transparently.
There's still time to take this election into your own hands. Don't regret what you could have donetake action right now:
No better time to help get out the vote than right nowwhether you have a lunch break or a few hours to spare, take back our democracy at an event near you:
So let's do this. Get out there and vote today. Here's an easy place to confirm where you can vote, check voting hours, and find out if you need to bring anything with you. It's time.
Today is ElectionDay, and this election is bigger than politics. Today we have a chance to reclaim our American ideals and take this country back.
The work we began that night ten years ago in Grant Park is unfinished. If you still believe, as I do, that hope is more powerful than fear, then show up and vote. And bring five people with
You dont need to be a Vice President or a podcast star to to make a difference in this election. Volunteer now, knock on some doors, and make sure you show up to vote this Tuesday.
Voting restrictions in Georgia werent meant to protect the sanctity of our vote, but to suppress turnout. I applaud the court rulings to overturn them and right these wrongs. We should be making voting easier, not harder. Now lets prove nothing can stop us. Vote.
The character of our country is on the ballot on Tuesday, but you still have a chance to make a difference today. Don't just vote -- volunteer on TheLastWeekend. It's that important.
I couldnt be more excited to close out this election in Luzerne County PA on Sunday at a Get Out the Vote rally with my friends Bob_Casey and CartwrightPA. Join us:
This Thursday evening Ill be in Lansing, Michigan to support ElissaSlotkin, Debbie Stabenow, GretchenWhitmer and Garlin. RSVP to join us:
We cant leave a single vote on the table, and weve got to do everything in our power to re-elect fantastic public servants like Senator clairecmc. So I'm heading to Missouri for a Get Out The Vote Rally tomorrow evening. Join us:
I'm proud to support Kelly4SouthrnIL. Brendan is tough, independent, and honestthe kind of leader and public servant that Southern Illinois needs. I'm excited to head to his district for a get out the vote really tomorrowget info and RSVP here:
I'll be in Cedar Rapids tomorrow with Abby4Iowa and FredHubbell to rally Iowans around reclaiming our democracy. Let us know you'll be there:
Ohio needs a championa Governor with a back boneand thats RichCordray. Hes ready to fight for working families, and Im ready to help him get elected. Join us in Youngstown tomorrow:
We desperately need men and women of character in elected office. That's why next Tuesday, one week out from Election Day, I'm proud to join tammybaldwin & Tony4WI at early vote rallies. RSVP here: Madison: Milwaukee
Together, we can take this country back. That's why I'm heading to Hartford on Friday in support of NedLamont and JahanaHayesCT. Don't miss this:
What an honor to be joined by Alyssa_Milano on tonights ItsOnUs student organizing call. Alyssa, your courage reignited a movement, and your continued advocacy inspires me every day. Thank you.
This country has to come together. This division, this hatred, this ugliness has to end.
Cancer patients own their data, not hospitals. CountMeIn empowers patients to contribute their data for research. To find cures. We are changing the culture of cancer research sharing data, breaking down silos, and forming new collaborations. We can do this.
Our basic American values are under assault. But we can take this country back if we show up and vote. That's why I'm heading to Las Vegas on Saturday at :30am for the first day of early voting. RSVP here to say youll be there: RiseNVote
years have passed since the murder of young Matthew Shepard. We've come a long way, thanks to organizations like MattShepardFDN, but our work isnt done. We cannot stop fighting until every LGBTQ young person is affirmed, supported, and safe. MSF20
Joe Tydings and I were both inspired by JFK & RFK and their call to service. In the Senate, he lived up to their example with an ironclad commitment to fight the abuse of power and work to ensure that every American gets a fair shot. Joe made America betterhe will be missed.
Jason - public service takes many forms, and bravely stepping forward today is exactly that. By sharing your story, you are saving lives. Others will get the help they need because of you. Jill and I, and all of the Bidens, are with you, Diana, and True every step of the way.
Dr. James Allison and Dr. Tasuku Honjos immunotherapy discovery uses our own bodys defenses to destroy cancer. Todays NobelPrize award is a significant leap toward ending cancer as we know it and paving the path to a cure. Congratulations and thank you.
Stopped by UDelaware and Penn today for NationalVoterRegistrationDay. You have the power to change the course of this country, but you have to get engaged. Register now. And show up to vote this
Macedonia will soon hold a referendum on whether to endorse a historic accord with Greece that will pave the way for NATO membership. Despite Moscow's unrelenting propaganda campaign, Macedonians alone must decide what future they want for their country.
Today we are hosting the BidenCancerSummit in Washington DC and in over communities around the world to bring together patients and providers to commit to making real, practical changes in the lives of cancer patients and their families. Join us:
In the wake of darker moments in our history, our spirit has become mightier. The bonds that unite us have become thicker. Seventeen years after the /11 attacks, may we continue to live that legacy in our words and our deeds, every day. In America, we can overcome anything.
Before we vote this fall in the most consequential election of any of our lifetimes, I want us to have a real discussion about what really matters: the fundamental issues that determine whether or not all of us are given a chance to live with dignity and to pursue opportunity.
Inspiring words from BarackObama today. A powerful reminder that it's on all of us to vote this fall if we want leaders who reflect the civility, character, dignity, and goodness of the American people. The stakes couldn't be higher, but Americans always rise to the occasion.
If there was ever a time for a change of pace, it is now. I recommend giving Michaels new podcast a listen.
Organized labor is why we have a minimum wage in this country. Its why we have the five-day work week. Its why we have worker safety standards. Its why we have a middle class in America. We owe
Guatemalan President Jimmy Moraless decision to end CICIGs mandate represents a serious blow to anti-corruption efforts in the hemisphere. The US Administration should condition assistance on CICIGs continued operation.
I will be in Phoenix tomorrow to pay tribute to my friend John. If you are in town and would like to honor his legacy of service, please come out to the route to say one last farewell.
John McCain was many things a proud graduate of the Naval Academy, a Senate colleague, a political opponent. But, to me, more than anything, John was a friend. He will be missed
Leonard and Dody Boswell lived their lives in service to the people of Iowa, and for the last of those years, in loving dedication to each other. We remember both of them today as they are laid to rest.
Were in the midst of an all-out assault on human dignityyes, at the border, but also in the courtroom, in the classroom, and on the factory floor.
Kofi Annan knew that human beings acting together could make the world better. He dedicated his life to that belief. He insisted that defending human rights and dignity were part of our responsibilities to one another. We are all better for his influence on our world.
The team LombardiCancer has just made a valuable database of brain cancer biomedical data freely available to researchers globally. We need efforts like this to advance progress against cancer.
Aretha Franklin was so much more than a great entertainer. She inspired. She gave hope. She was part of the soul of the civil rights movement. We won't see her like again.
In the time I have known him, John Brennan has never been afraid to speak up and give it to you straight. Revoking his security clearance is an act unbecoming of a President. If you think it will silence John, then you just don't know the man.
Today we honor the memory of Heather Heyer, whose spirit we see in every person who stands up to reject hatred and bigotry. Make no mistake: this fight goes on. The battle for the soul of this nation rests with each of us, everyday.
Paul Laxalt was the model for something all too rare in politics today: someone with whom you could disagree without being disagreeable. We were often on opposite sides of the debate, but he was my friend. He will be
LGBTQ young people should never have to face rejection from those who love them. Share your story with bidenfoundation about the importance of family acceptance, because we all deserve to be safe, loved, and affirmed. AsYouAre
Our lunches together were a highlight of every week at the White House. Last week's trip to DogTagBakery was no different. Happy birthday to my brother, my friend,
Honored to join DrBiden and the remarkable men and women from supportthewalk WalkOfAmerica who remind us all of the debt of gratitude we owe those who have sacrificed so much to protect our freedom.
I was honored to visit Colombia this week to engage with the countrys current and future leaders. I wish all of my friends in Colombia a future of prosperity and peace as they celebrate the th anniversary of their
Our president had the chance to confront an adversary who continues to attack our democracy & our allies. He didnt. Instead he offered distractions, moral equivalence, & appeasement. This shameful performance doesn't represent the US or what we stand for:
After our video chat a few months ago, I got to welcome shaffer_cierra to DC this week for USMC Sunset Parade. She battled against cancers odds and her resilience reminds us all that hope against this disease is real.
As we celebrate years of freedom this week, we must never forget that democracy is not a given. Democracy demands diligence. Democracy demands engagement. And sometimes, democracy demands sacrifice of its citizens.
Keep our eyes on the horizon - look to the future. Nothing is beyond our capacity as Americans. Happy FourthofJuly from the Biden Family.
We need more men like terrycrews who will stand up and speak out. Youre helping change the culture, Terry. It matters. Thank you.
Another shooting. Another night in America where a father, a wife, a friend, a neighbor wont be coming home. We cant accept this. It must end. Congress must act. Our hearts are with the CapitalGazette
Its up to us, America. Speak out. Rise up. Be heard. The price to be paid for putting our values at risk must be clear. Now. And show up to vote this Novemberin numbers like weve never seen.
Advice and consent. Absent thatwhich weve always had for nominees in election years in the pastwe shouldnt move forward with hearings or a vote before the mid-term elections.
I wish this Senate would force a consensus choiceas we did with Justice Kennedyit no longer has the will.
I wish this President would engage in conversations and nominate a consensus candidate. Thats what weve done in the past. Thats what America needs and deserves. He wont.
I said a year ago were living through a battle for the soul of this nation. Now there can be no doubt. Roe, Obergefell, Fisher, and moreso many of our fundamental rights, freedoms, and libertiesand the rule of laware all at risk.
Inspired by the patients, families, clinicians, and researchers of stjuderesearch I met earlier this month. They are making hope real. Join us and let us know about your cancerFIERCE story.
We dont need to treat migrants from Central America with cruelty to strengthen US border security. We need personal, high-level engagement from the White House to press Northern Triangle leaders for progress and support to make their home countries prosperous and secure.
A policy that separates young children from their parents isnt a deterrent. Its unconscionable. A policy that traumatizes children isnt a bargaining chip. Its abhorrent.
PEPFAR is one of the most successful, effective, and world-changing initiatives the United States has ever led. Now is not the time to pull back. We must finish the work we started to end the specter of AIDS. My op-ed with bfrist.
Jamie Dimon & Warren Buffett's call to end quarterly guidance is an important step toward ending our nation's culture of short-termism. America's workers & investors will all be better off with a system that rewards those who build for the long-term.
GOP all-out assault on healthcare continues. First, they want to cut funding for CHIP. Now DOJ trying to end protections for pre-existing conditions. We have to fight back.
Putins Russia invaded its neighbors, violated our sovereignty by undermining elections, and attacks dissidents abroad. Yet our President wants to reward him with a seat at the table while alienating our closest democratic allies. It makes no sense.
They may have murdered our heroes, but the dream still lives buried deep in our broken hearts. Fifty years after he was taken from us, Robert Kennedy still inspires. RFK50
Last year, Virginians showed up to elect leaders who believe health care is a right, not a privilege. As a result, hundreds of thousands of Virginians now have the peace of mind that comes with health insurance. Don't ever question whether your vote matters -- it does. Show up.
Looking forward to continuing my AmericanPromiseTour in June and discussing Promise Me, Dad with these inspiring individuals. More information at
Our men & women in uniform are the heart, the soul, and the spine of this nation. Today we remember those among them who gave their lives for our freedom. As we honor their sacrifice, we must recommit to our sacred obligation to care for & support the families they left behind.
In a moment of crisis, Jason Seaman showed incredible courage. Running directly into gunfire to save his students lives. What a hero.
Today, the OECD officially invited Colombia to become its th member. Congratulations to President JuanManSantos and the people of Colombia for all the hard work youve done to create a more prosperous and secure future for your country.
It favors the powerful over the powerless and stacks the deck even further against working people. It's wrong.
Yesterdays Supreme Court decision was a huge blow to workers. It denies them the ability to take their employers to court if they're being cheated out of pay, forced to work in unsafe conditions, or sexually harrassed.
Everyone deserves to be treated with dignity and respect, but too many LGBTQ Americans are still denied this basic right. Thats why Im proud to announce a new inclusion initiative between bidenfoundation and YMCA. The work continues:
Enough is enough is enough. Decent people have to take a stand. These are our children.
Count me in, De11eDonne. Proud to take a stand with you and the incredible athletes of WNBA who are partnering with organizations like ItsOnUs to empower women and girls everywhere. Folks, join us to take a seat & take a stand: WNBATakesAStand itsonus
Guys, if you see one of your classmates trying to take advantage of a woman who did not or could not consent, you must step in. ItsOnUs to change this culture.
Harry Reid is literally and figuratively a fighter. Im looking forward to working with him again soon. My thoughts are with Harry, Landra, and their family as he recovers.
On behalf of the whole Biden family, Id like to offer our thoughts and best wishes to FLOTUS for a swift and full recovery.
Joined today UDBidenInst by one of the most brilliant public servants Ive ever worked with: ErnestMoniz. By investing in basic infrastructure, we have a tremendous opportunity to lead the world in clean energy. Watch our discussion here at pm:
Free and fair elections are at the heart of liberal democracy. Thats why Ive joined AndersFoghr and Michael Chertoff to launch the Transatlantic Commission for Election Integrityto fight back against Russia and those who would meddle in our elections.
Todays announcement that the United States will withdraw from the Iran nuclear deal is a profound mistake.
Every person is entitled to be treated with dignity and respect. But far too often LGBTQ youth in this country are not, even in their own homes. This is unacceptable. Im proud to work with cyndilauper on TrueColorsDay and everyday to put it to an end.
Cancer patients and their families deserve a system that puts saving lives above every other thing. With your help, we can make this happen. We can make hope real. We need you to stand up and join us in this effort. Answer the bidencancer call to action:
Testing rape kits should & must be a national priority. Im proud to have been interviewed for Mariskas IAMEVIDENCEmov. We should all be committed to EndTheBacklog. Lets keep the pressure on:
There was no one else quite like Barbara Bush. Jill and I and the entire Biden family send our heartfelt condolences to the Bush family and our prayers for comfort in a difficult time.
Five years after an act of hate struck Boston, the thousands of acts of charity and compassion on OneBostonDay remind us once again that America will always own the finish line. Proud of you, Boston - today and always.
The United States should be leading on this issue. Improving transparency is one essential step to ending the pay gap between men and women.
Dr. King was proof that the promise of America can beat so strongly in the heart of one person they can move this nation. We can all -- plus million Americans -- honor Dr. Kings legacy by remembering that today. MLK50
Im grateful to have the opportunity to continue the AmericanPromiseTour in June and hear from so many more people. Information available at
Cierra, you remembered the most important thing I had to say. You will beat this. And as Ive always said, if there are any angels in heaven, they are nurses. Youve got a great team of them there making sure you stay cierrastrong.
My mother often reminded me that bravery resides in every heart and some day it will be summoned. Lt. Col. Arnaud Beltrame answered the call last Friday in France. Taking the place of a hostage and paying the ultimate price. His heroism and self-sacrifice must not be forgotten.
At UDBidenInst, were working on the pressing domestic policy challenges of our time. But we can't do it alone. I sat down earlier with our new Policy Board to discuss everything from quality jobs to climate change. Check out the whole team here:
Our top priority should be investing in our workers by . ensuring they have the skills & opportunities to get a good job, . making work pay, and . cutting the costs of raising a family. Read my thoughts on how we can all help our workers succeed:
Lets give patients full electronic medical records within hours of request, a safe place to store them, and a trusted way to share them. Details matter when using patient data to save and improve lives. My BidenCancer op-ed:
Louise Slaughter was an unparalleled champion for women. I worked with her on the Violence Against Women Act, and I will always remember her grit and determination in standing up for women and families every day. She will be greatly missed.
The people of Pennsylvanias th district showed up yesterday. They demonstrated that they want to be represented by someone who stands up for working people with actions, not just words. Who has heart. They found that in ConorLambPA. He will represent them well.
I was in southwestern Pennsylvania with ConorLambPA last week. Something's changing out there. You can feel the grassroots energy. And that'll beat big money every time. Let's bring this one home. Get out and vote,
Everyone does better when women are able to rise as high as their talents will take them. On this International Womens Day, we honor all the brave women who have spoken out this year, and we recognize that our fight is still far from finished. IWD2018
Sarah, I'm incredibly proud of you. You're a woman of real courage.
It takes courage to speak out against sexual assault, or to step in to stop it from happening. If you know someone who has stepped up to the front lines of this fight, I want to hear about it. Nominate them today, because ItsOnUs to change the culture:
We need to give young immigrants who came to our country as children permanent assurance that they are safe here, and we need to give them this peace of mind now. They shouldnt have to spend another day living with fear and uncertainty.
When I wrote the Violence Against Women Act in , it included a provision that empowered women to take abusers to civil court. The Supreme Court wrongly struck it down. Now it is time for Congress to step up and fix this.
Rev. Graham was spiritual advisor to a dozen Presidents - and countless millions of Americans. We remember his example of dignity and humility today, and Jill and I send our thoughts and condolences to the entire Graham family.
I am at a loss for what more to say. I grieve with the families in Parkland today. I grieve with the families across the country who have suffered loss due to gun violence. Congress has a moral obligation to take action and spare more families from this violence.
We need to believe women like Colbie. We need to recognize the incredible courage it takes for women like her to come forward. And we need to change the culture so those who live in fear can safely get the support they deserve.
We had the honor of having Jesmyn Ward moderate the th event on the AmericanPromiseTour last night. It was wonderful to share the stage with such an incredible and acclaimed writer to discuss
Im in Indianapolis with southcity22 and we have a message for thousands of fraternity brothers and sorority sisters here at AFLVCentral and all across the country: ItsOnUs to end sexual assault on college
William Gay is the real deal - on and off the field. Hes using his voice to get other men involved to end sexual assault and domestic violence. He understands what this fight is all about. Im glad to have you on the BidenFoundation team Southcity22.
Incredible day opening the new PennBiden Center in Washington. We're working on the foreign policy challenges of this new century and keeping America strong in the world. Looking forward to working with Dr. Gutmann and the Penn community to engage a new generation of
This team never gave up. No matter the injuries, no matter the odds. They showed incredible heart. What a great win tonight, Eagles. FlyEaglesFly
Proud to call you a friend, RepJoeKennedy. You captured the idealism and optimism of our party and this nation. Because you understand that everyone is entitled to be treated with dignity. And that in this country, no one gets left behind. Well done.
This country has made great progress in changing the culture around advancing LGBTQ equality and ending violence against women. But there's plenty of work left to do. I'm pleased to have some of the best and brightest minds on these issues working with us.
Dr. King said that change comes through continuous struggle. As we celebrate his legacy today, were once again living through a battle for the soul of this nation. We'll win this battle by following his example: standing up, getting involved, and demanding our voices be heard.
Its not how a president should speak. Its not how a president should behave. Most of all, its not what a president should believe. Were better than this.
Boston has had many great mayors in its remarkable history, and marty_walsh can proudly take his place among any of them. Thank you, Mayor, for giving me the honor of presiding over your swearing-in
Jill and I, and the whole Biden family, want to wish you a happy, healthy, and safe holiday
Its been five years since first-graders and educators were murdered by a gunman at Sandy Hook Elementary School. Their families continue to inspire me with their courage in turning tragedy into purpose.
Ann Arbor - Im terribly sorry I wont get to see you this evening, but we want to make sure everyone can safely make it to AmericanPromiseTour. Be safe in the snow. Im looking forward to seeing you on February th.
Help your friends and loved ones get the peace of mind of health insurance for . Remind them that this Friday is the deadline to sign up for health insurance through
Doug Jones. Thank you, Alabama. Youve elected a man of incredible integrity, grit, and character. A fighter for working class and middle class Alabamians. He is going to make you proud in the Senate.
Tomorrow, the people of Alabama will decide whether the United States Senate will gain the courage, character, and integrity of Doug Jones. Find your friends who can vote there, and make sure they're planning on doing it.
The people of California are on my mind as they suffer through these devastating wildfires. Amidst the loss, Im inspired by the bravery & commitment of our firefighters. Day after day going back into the flames, risking their lives to save others. Incredible bravery.
Its a little too cold for ice cream in Madison, but I hope you liked the cupcakes all the same. Thanks for spending your birthday with me, ElaineWelteroth - hope this next year is a great one.
Be who you are. Stand for what you are. Few people embody that better than melindagates. Enjoyed discussing PromiseMeDad, public service, and faith with such a remarkable woman in Seattle last weekend.
I'm going to keep speaking out on the importance of standing up to the Kremlin through my work PennBiden. My colleague mikercarpenter and I have written in ForeignAffairs about the steps we need to take to defend our democracy.
I've been on the road talking about PromiseMeDad, the book I wrote about my son Beau, but I've been most amazed listening to your stories. Incredible people overcoming loss, finding hope and purpose in their lives. Thank you for sharing. You inspire me.
No one who has ever met Sandy Winnefeld has doubted his strength or resolve. And no one who reads this article will ever forget it. Sandy & Mary - thank you for summoning the courage to turn your heartbreak into action to end this epidemic.
One of the best shines Ive ever had.
Throughout my career in public service, Ive heard a lot of great ideas, and developed a few of my own. Now we want to hear yours. Join us:
Every week, well hear from leaders in business, politics, academicsand everyday Americans sharing bright ideas that keep us moving forward.
Today Im announcing the launch of the Biden Forum, a new space for conversations about Americas future:
Today, on the International Day for the Elimination of Violence Against Women, let's remember all the work that remains and recommit ourselves to action:
Thank you to the AmericanPromiseTour moderators and thousands of readers who attended events or picked up a copy of PromiseMeDad. Honored to be able to share the story of my son Beau, and what a remarkable man he was.
May today serve as a reminder of our solemn duty to look after the men and women who have served in our Armed Forces and sacrificed so much for this country.
Youre going to make us all proud, Danica.
Juanita Perez Williams ran an incredible campaign in Syracuse. So proud of the work she did. And still hoping for a win for Manka Dhingra that will change the shape of Washingtons state Senate!
And mayors like Rick Kriseman and Joyce Craig who are incredible leaders in their communities.
State legislators like Sara Cambensy in Michigan and Danica Roem, Jennifer Carroll Foy, David Reid, John Bell, and Elizabeth Guzman in Virginia. People who stood up for working people of every stripe.
Candidates like Ralph Northam and Justin Fairfax, who will ensure that Virginias economic recovery continues to reach every town and city in the commonwealth.
A resounding defeat tonight for President Trump. Voters around the country rejected the ugly politics we have seen this past year. Instead, they chose candidates who unite and inspire us.
Folks, there's an election happening tomorrow. We've got to keep our eye on the ball. Let's get this done.
These tragedies arent inevitable. Dont let hopelessness win today. We must persist in our efforts to prevent gun violence.
Americans again murdered in a place of worship. Jill and I send our prayers to Sutherland Springs.
Dont let politics & misinformation keep your loved ones from getting health insurance. Call/text them today to make sure they sign up!
Today is the first day to sign up for health insurance through . Deadline is December th!
New York, we love you. Grateful to first responders who saved lives today. Jill and I are keeping you all in our prayers.
Honored to work with a woman of great courage, my friend ladygaga. With her leadership, and your help, we can change the culture. ItsOnUs
Alabama, this gets to the heart of why you should vote for Doug Jones on December th. A man of incredible integrity and intellect.
Looking forward to discussing my new book PROMISE ME, DAD with these inspiring individuals on AmericanPromiseTour
There's a lot at stake, but John and I are still optimistic. I hope you'll tune in at :00PM -
Looking forward to welcoming Gov JohnKasich to UDelaware UDBidenInst to discuss bridging partisan divides & restoring faith in government
John McCain is the real deal. A model public servant. And my dear friend. I was honored to present him with the LibertyMedal tonight.
Unilaterally putting the Iran deal at risk does not isolate Iran. It isolates us:
Proud to be at RutgersU today with survivors & activists working to change the campus culture on sexual assault. ItsOnUs
Spoke to my friend Jim Murren, so proud of the men and women at MGM Resorts. VegasStrong
Jalal Talabani was a champion of the US-Iraq partnership and a friend, whose unifying leadership will be missed.
Barack & Michelle: all of the Bidens send our love today on your th anniversary. May you have many more years of joy still to come.
How long do we let gun violence tear families apart? Enough. Congress & the WH should act now to save lives. There's no excuse for inaction.
Appalled by the senseless loss of life in Las Vegas. Jill and I hold all those affected and grieving in our hearts.
Now is not the time to go backwardit's on all of us to stop sexual violence.
There is only one way to confront hatred and prejudice: head on. Well said, Lt. Gen Silveria.
We Veeps stick together. Jill and I, and all of the Bidens, are with you,
Steve Scalises strength and resilience inspire all of us. Good to see you back on the job, Steve.
Southern Florida chose a proven leader and consensus builder yesterday. Congratulations to Annette_Taddeo, Floridas newest State Senator.
Beau fought to protect the most vulnerable among us. Thanks to my friend barackobama for honoring his lifes work with the
Today's Title IX decision is shameful, but the law is still the law. Colleges & universities must honor obligations to students & survivors.
On the UDBidenInst blog, LinkedIn's allenb says better data & mentoring can help workers find good jobs. More:
Following UDBidenInsts forum on work, Airbnb's bchesky writes how technology can empower people and work. More:
On the new UDBidenInst blog, PennyPritzker, Airbnb & LinkedIn share strategies to help American workers succeed:
Sending prayers to all who lost loved ones in the devastating earthquake. We are seeing the resilience and heart of the Mexican people.
ItsOnUs is making great progress toward ending sexual assault, but today we face new challenges:
Just had the chance to see President Trump's golf swing tweet. Enough. This has to stop. Our children are watching.
Here's a path forward to choose a future that puts work first:
My new initiative at the Biden Institute will identify strategies for building a future of quality jobs:
America is strongest when we lead with our valuesat home and abroad.
years ago today, the Violence Against Women Act became law. VAWA is changing the culture & saving lives, but our work continues. VAWA23
years ago today, terror tried to break us. It did not, and will never, succeed. Our grit & determination are the strongest force I know.
Jill and I are praying for the safety of everyone in the path of Hurricane Irma this weekend. Stay strong - the country stands with you.
Any change that weakens Title IX protections will be devastating:
Brought by parents, these children had no choice in coming here. Now they'll be sent to countries they've never known. Cruel. Not America.
We are living through a battle for the soul of this nation.
A first look at the cover for my new book, PROMISE ME, DAD
Praying tonight for the victims of Barcelona attack & their families. Heinous acts of terror cannot break the spirit of our Spanish friends
There is only one side. charlottesville
No. Not in America. We must be stronger, more determined and more united than ever. Racism and hate have no place here. charlottesville
Your service has been a great gift to the country, and your friendship and brotherhood are a great gift to me. Happy birthday,
Thrilled to see the Olympics coming to Los Angeles. Thanks to MayorOfLA Garcetti who worked hard to secure a big win for US athletics.
Hope to see you at a stop this fall on my AmericanPromiseTour tickets are available now:
Thank you to everyone who tirelessly worked to protect the health care of millions. You saved lives.
To all of you working to stop Republicans devastating health bill: Thank you. Were not done yet. Please keep going.
Any final bill that looks anything like their proposals so far would be devastating.
Every patriotic American who is qualified to serve in our military should be able to serve. Full stop.
The GOP's 'health' plan would gut care & treatment for opioid addiction. Call your senatorsthe time to act is now.
Incredible progress in cancer research and treatment in just the last year offers new promise and new hope. You can win this fight, John.
John and I have been friends for years. He's gotten through so much difficulty with so much grace. He is strong - and he will beat this.
I was a senator for years. I can assure you that your call matters. Your viewpoint might not always win, but your senators hear you.
Especially if you live in WV, NV, AK or OH now is the time to call your senators. Or, encourage your friends in these states to call.
If you believe health care is a right for all, make sure your senators know that this bill is a big step backward.
All Americans deserve the peace of mind that comes with knowing that you can get affordable care. But thats now under threat.
By denying this right, Republican leaderships health bill is fundamentally flawed. It cant even be fixed on the floor.
Republican leadership's health bill would return us to a time when health care was a privilege for the wealthy, not a right for all.
Today, I wrote in the washingtonpost about the big problem with the Republican leaderships 'health' bill:
Excited to share news about AmericanPromiseTour - a series of conversations Im hosting around the country
Jill & I send our condolences to the loved ones of service members lost in MS crashthose who wear the uniform are the heart of our nation.
Happy th of July! America continues the march toward tolerance, diversity and equality of opportunity that began in that's patriotism.
Were live in a few minutes to talk about how BidenCancer will bring renewed urgency to the fight against cancer:
Jill and I are excited and ready to take the next step toward ending cancer. Are you with us?
Let's see a bill that actually tries to improve folks' health care, and then we can have a reasonable debate about how to best do that.
Especially now, when so many communities are struggling with opioid addiction, the bill's drastic cuts to Medicaid are cruel.
Slashing Medicaid hurts kids, the elderly, people with disabilities and those struggling with addiction. All for tax breaks for the wealthy.
The Senate health bill isn't about health care at allit's a wealth transfer: slashes care to fund tax cuts for the wealthy & corporations.
Americas soul is rooted in the promise of opportunity. We must protect, support & welcome refugees to keep that promise. WorldRefugeeDay
Jill and I are praying for the people of Colombia and the families of the victims of tonight's bomb explosion. BogotaEstoyContigo
Congrats & good luck to my former staffer Dr. Tony Allen, incoming Provost of DelStateUniv! A great fit for a passionate public servant.
Jill and I are praying for the victims and their families. Grateful for courage of my former colleagues, first responders & Capitol Police.
We meet unspeakable tragedy and hate with unbound resolve. I stand with the LGBTQ community, today and every day. OrlandoUnitedDay.
Honored to see Ecumenical Patriarch Bartholomew in Athens his leadership on climate change and the environment is the example we need
Great to be with PennBiden in Athens. A Europe whole, free, & at peace remains vital to U.S. securityas it has been for the past decades
Congrats to Ambassador Andy Young, a dear friend and inspiration, on years. Wish I could be in Atlanta tonight for AJY Leadership Awards.
We're already feeling impacts of climate change. Exiting ParisAgreement imperils US security and our ability to own the clean energy future
It's time for big dreams and AmericanPossibilities. If you're ready to elect folks who agree, say you're in:
Theres no one better positioned on Earth to lead the world in the st century than America. We just have to believe it.
America is at its best when were OPTIMISTIC and we THINK BIG.
Its time to remember who we are as Americans: Giving EVERYONE the opportunity to achieve the impossible.
Our politics has become too small and petty. Were better than this.
America has always thought BIG. Its stamped into our DNA.
Climate change is an existential threat to our futurestaying in ParisAgreement is the best way to protect our children & global leadership
To our nation's fallen troops: we thank you and will never forget. To their families: remember, you are never alone.
Zbigniew Brzezinski's brilliant strategic mind enriched American foreign policy for decades--his distinctive voice will be greatly missed.
Great to see Mayor marty_walsh, and hear about everything he's doing to keep Boston
LGBT rights are human rights. Prejudice is prejudice; inhumanity is inhumanity. IDAHOT IDAHOT2017
To the teacher who inspires me every day, and all the other amazing teachers changing lives, Happy NationalTeachersDay!
Millions of Americans will lose coverage. Up to the Senate now. Hoping for courage to return.
Day of shame in Congress. Protections for pre-existing conditions, mental health, maternity care, addiction services -- all gone.
Dan Rooney embodied everything I was raised to believe being Irish meant generosity, decency, warmth, dignity & a truly genuine spirit.
Boston represents what it means to never yield, never cower, never stand down & lead the way. America owns the finish line. OneBostonDay
When faced with crimes of hate and inhumanity, every person of conscience must speak out in support of LGBT rights
Our mission is to influence, shape and work to solve tough problems facing the nation.
BidenInstitutes goal is to create a world-class destination for scholars, policymakers, activists and leaders.
. Udelaware is my home, been with me every step of the way. Today, it felt like I never left. I am so proud to launch the
It's good to be home. Hope to see you, UDelaware, on The Green today at noon! BidenInstitute BlueHens BidenIsBack
Being an American means being treated equally under the law, no matter who you are or who you love
Today, I called on students across the country to speak out and step in to stop sexual assault. ItsOnUs
Join me as I discuss foreign policy with Penn president Amy Gutmann. PennBiden
Follow PennBiden to get involved and check out the livestream of my conversation on foreign policy with Penn president Amy Gutmann today.
. PennBiden will work to defend & amend the liberal international order so that it sustains American prosperity and works for everyone.
I am confident America is better positioned than any other nation in the world to lead in the st century.
Im proud to continue my work on national security issues through the new PennBiden Center for Diplomacy and Global Engagement.
The correct word for sex without consent is rape. Period. ItsOnUs to know the signs and to stop it.
Every American who worries about getting health care when they get sick can breathe a sigh of relief today.
Checks & balances? Chair of cmte investigating WH can't share info w/ WH. McCain is right: Need select committee!
Jill and I -- and the whole Biden family -- wish everyone a very safe and happy St. Patricks Day.
Like many other Irish Americans, Im proud of my Irish heritage and of my familys contributions to our nation.
Last year I had the privilege of walking down the streets my great-great grandfather once walked, in County Louth,
Today at SxSW, were laying out how well harness the momentum of the past year to make real progress.
This fight is personal for Jill and me. Its personal for almost every American.
Jill and I were honored to take the stage today at SxSW. Join us in seizing the urgency of now to end cancer as we know
Standing up for women is the cause of my life. We must change our culture to end violence against women IWD2017
Congratulations TomPerez - You will help ensure our party continues to fight for economic fairness and for all to be treated with dignity.
Incredible performance from my friend LadyGaga. You amaze me and not just onstage. Proud to work with you to end sexual assault.
Our tolerance and diversity make America great. We are safer and stronger when we welcome the brightest, best and bravest with open
From fighting cancer to changing the culture on domestic violence were just getting started. Join us:
We cannot yield an inch on all the progress we have made on civil rights and human rights.
Now more than ever, we must work hard to preserve everyone's shot at the American Dream. Today Jill & I are proud to launch BidenFoundation
Folks, don't forget to stay in line! If you're in line when polls close, you're entitled to cast your ballot.
There are world-class candidates running at all levels in this election. Vote down the line for Democrats who will keep us moving
We've come so far and all the progress we've made is at stake. You've got to vote. Bring a friend and get it done:
Vice President Biden on the importance of electing senators who will come together and work for every American:
. Make sure you know how to vote today: . Get on the phone and make sure others do, too:
'Let's make history tomorrow. Let's send a signal to the rest of the world that America is still the brightest beacon of hope.' -VP Biden
'We're America! We don't scare easily... We never bow. We never bend. We never break.' -VP Biden with timkaine
'If we come together, there's nothing, nothing that can stop us.' -VP Biden with timkaine
'We are endowed by our creator with certain inalienable rights. EVERYONE is endowed with those rights.' -VP Biden with timkaine
' timkaine and I believe, we really believe, that there's no reason why we can't do so much better politically.' -VP Biden
'Every time there's a problem in Congress, I get sent to the Hill. Tim, get ready!' -VP Biden with timkaine
'We have a responsibility not only to vote... but to bring this country together when tomorrow is over.' -VP Biden with timkaine
'We're on the precipice of an American century like we've never ever thought of before.' -VP Biden with timkaine
'There has never been a more important tomorrow in the modern electoral history of the United States of America.' -VP Biden with timkaine
We're not just voting for us. We're voting for our kids, our grandkids, and future generations. Don't let them down:
You've got to have a plan. Make one before
'Vote! Get your friends out every single vote counts.' -VP Biden
'12 years of education is not enough in the st century... simply not enough.' VP Dems want to prioritize sending students to college.
'This is the person, along with Donald Trump, who says we should not be spending money on Pell Grants.' VP Biden on Rubio at FAMU_1887
'Character is destinyyou've got a guy running... who doesn't have the courage to stand up and say I won't vote for him.' VP on Marco Rubio
'One of my proudest accomplishments was writing the Violence Against Women Act which Marco voted against last time.' VP Biden in FL
'Folks, tomorrow. Tomorrow is... going to impact on your lives like no other tomorrow.' -VP Biden at FAMU_1887
We need your help to make calls and ensure every voter turns out to cast their ballot for Democrats tomorrow:
Election Day is nearly here! Find your polling place and everything you need to vote on Tuesday:
Can you step up to knock on doors or make calls? We need your help electing Democrats at all levels:
'Give the people a chance. Ordinary people can do extraordinary things. I'm counting on you to do extraordinary things.'
'We will own the finish line in the st century. God love you, go out and vote, vote, vote!' VP Biden votebluewi
'My word as a Biden I've never been more optimistic about the prospects of the United States than I am this very day.' VP Biden
'I dont know anybody, in the neighborhoods I grew up in, who could go months without a paycheck.' VP Democrats believe in paid leave.
'When we took office, the unemployment rate was above %. It's now below %.' VP Biden Progress votebluewi
'These guys seem to be carbon copies of each other.' VP Biden on Ron Johnson and Donald Trump. votebluewi
'This man is totally, thoroughly... unprepared and unqualified to be the Commander-in-Chief of the United States of America.' VP on Trump
This guy not only doesnt want to raise the minimum wage, he doesnt think there should be a federal minimum wage. VP on Sen. Ron Johnson
Johnson says the jury is still out on climate change talk about being out of it. VP campaigning with russfeingold votebluewi
We are just getting started. Our best days are ahead of us. Do your part. Vote. And bring a friend. Joe
Weve got a lot of good Senate candidates to vote for. People committed to doing the hard work, who will never stop fighting for
We have to elect HillaryClinton in days. But she has got to have a Congress to work with. Vote down the line.
I won my first election to the Senate by a little over votes. Im deadly serious when I say showing up matters. Your vote
Take it from the Vice President, you've got to make a plan to vote.
'Folks, there's only days left until Election Day....go vote!' -VP Biden
'Americans never bow. Americans never bend. We never break. We endure, we overcome, and we continually move forward.' -VP Biden
'Republicans talk about productivity. They haven't produced anything that generates economic growth so far. Not a joke.' -VP at ChathamU
' knows who built the middle class, and you should if you dont: L-A-B-O-R. Organized labor built the middle class.' -VP
'You can tell a lot about a candidate...by looking at the people who oppose her.' -VP Biden supporting
'[Trump] is thoroughly unqualified based on his conduct, his abuse of power, and his lack of substantive knowledge.' -VP Biden at ChathamU
'Can you imagine any president getting up at :30 in the morning and tweeting vitriol... What does that say about who we are?' -VP Biden
Being a Democrat has always meant buckling down and getting it done for working
No one can compete with us America never bows We will own the finish line. VP Biden in Pennsylvania
Our system is built on the notion of consensus. Maggie_Hassan knows how to do that without yielding on principle. VP Biden NHTogether
Its really, really important that we elect Maggie_Hassan. VP Biden
Be one of the millions of Americans who vote before Election Day. Head to for more
When your advisers call folks who can't afford nannies 'the little people,' it's clear you don't understand America.
Lets give Hillary a Senate she can work
'Please, please, please, up until the polls close, do everything you can. VP Biden
She will not back down. She will fight like hell for all of those things that affect peoples lives. VP Biden supporting CatherineForNV
Wealthy people are good people But one thing they dont need is more tax breaks. VP Biden
Hillary is going to need a Democratic Senate. VP Biden campaigning with CatherineForNV
The words are demeaning. Such behavior is an abuse of power. Its not lewd. Its sexual assault. Joe
One thing's clear: TimKaine and Hillary have hardworking Americans' backs. The VP's office is in good hands. Joe VPDebate
Listen to Vice President Biden go to , register to vote, and make your voice count for
VP Biden is back in Philadelphia and taking over TheDemocrats' Instagram from the campaign trail. Follow along:
Register and vote for Democrats like HillaryClinton and : iRegistered
Tonight, HillaryClinton proved she is ready to be President and Donald Trump proved he is not. debatenight
Take it from those who have been there - Trump is not ready for the responsibility of being president:
Doughnuts & volunteers help fuel this campaign. Happy to bring some treats & say thanks in Charlotte this week.
On VAWA's nd anniversary, join VP Biden and recommit to fighting to end domestic violence:
Every woman in this country deserves to be free from harm and from fear. Proud to celebrate years of the Violence Against Women Act. -Joe
Fights for working people. Respects immigrants. Good taste in sunglasses. timkaine is ready to be Vice President.
Folks, we've got to elect HillaryClinton and take back the Senate. Let's roll up our sleeves and get to work.
'They said we'd never make more than million cars a year again. We made million last year!' -VP Biden
'My dad used to have an expression...don't tell me what you value. Show me your budget I will tell you what you value.' -VP Biden
VP Biden is on his last stop of the day in Ohio. Watch him speak live from UAW Local right now:
When you give the American people a chance, they'll never let you down. Happy to be here in Ohio today. -Joe
The Vice President is talking to you live from UAW Local in Warren, Ohio. Tune in now:
'My name's Joe Biden, I'm for HillaryClinton and Ted_Strickland. And Donald Trump is dangerous.' -VP Biden
'It's about the stuff we're made of. It's about our values... Hillary gets it in her gut. She gets it.' -VP Biden
'This ain't your father's Oldsmobile. This ain't your father's Republican Party.' -VP Biden
'[Trump] was born with a silver spoon in his mouth that he's now choking on because his foot's in his mouth along with the spoon.' -VP Biden
'The neighborhood you come from is where your character is etched. Where your values are set.' -VP
'I know I would not be standing here today as Vice President without you all without the American Labor movement.' -VP Biden
'My biggest problem with Donald Trump... is the way he treats people.' -VP Biden
We're fighting for the middle-class workers who make America great. Follow along as VP Biden is back in Ohio
Joe and Hillary went home to Scranton. Take a behind-the-scenes look at their
Eight years ago today, and the progress we've made is remarkable. Joe
We are America, and we're second to none. Together, let's elect HillaryClinton the next
Scranton, she has your back. Do you have hers? Visit to make sure you're ready to vote for Hillary in November. -Joe
'It is never, never, never ever been a good bet to bet against the United States of America.' -VP Biden
'Trumps ideas are not only profoundly wrong. Theyre very dangerous. Theyre very un-American.' -VP Biden
'On every issue that matters most to our security, Donald Trump has no clue what it takes to lead this great country.' -VP Biden
'[Trump] is trying to tell us he cares about the middle class? Give me a break... That's such a bunch of malarkey!' -VP Biden
'Hillary Clinton. Shes always been there. Thats her life story. And let's state the obviousthat is not Donald Trumps story.' -VP
'She understands what it means to...young girls...when it's President Hillary Rodham Clinton. It will change their lives.' -VP Biden
'Everyone is entitled to be treated with dignity and respect... and America can be defined in one single word 'possibilities.' -VP Biden
VP Biden is about to go live on . Tune in for a live behind-the-scenes preview from Scranton.
Those are the values that Joe Biden brought to the White House & they're the values HillaryClinton will bring,
Scranton families like the Bidens know the meaning of hard work and giving your kids a better
The VP is stepping up to the plate in Scranton again. He'll introduce HillaryClinton to his hometown in a few
No one wants to earn a Purple Heart. But to those who did, you have America's unending gratitude and admiration. Thank you. PurpleHeartDay
. SarahEMcBride - Beau loved you, I love you, and all the Bidens are proud of you. -Joe
Our choice in November is between division and hate and the idea that we're stronger together. Lets
'I am more optimistic about our chances today than when I was elected as a -year-old kid to the Senate.' -VP Biden DemsInPhilly
'It's never been a good bet to bet against America.' -VP Biden DemsInPhilly
The threats are too great and the times are too uncertain to elect Donald Trump president of the United States. VP Biden DemsInPhilly
'He has no clue. Period. VP Biden on Donald Trump DemsInPhilly
'There's only one person in this race who will be there... That's Hillary Clinton's life story.' -VP Biden DemsInPhilly
'This is kind of a bittersweet moment.' -VP Biden Eight years
I've seen Hillary in the Senate & the Situation Room. Clear-eyed. Steady. Understands working people. Exactly the leadership we need. Joe
Its good to be back, folks. We've got less than months until Election Day, and I need you with me. Let's go elect some Democrats. Joe
Celebrating the workers who built this country.
years ago I watched Pres. Obama sign the Affordable Care Act. We should all be proud of the difference it's made in millions of lives Joe
Stand up for voting rights as we remember Selma50:
This progress is extraordinary, but we're not done. Add your name to keep the momentum going:

Happy birthday, TheEllenShow! Vice President Biden surprised her on the air. Watch:
VP Biden is going to be listening to the SOTU at pm ET tonight - join him here:
'How do we make it better?' Listen to VP Biden preview the State of the Union address:
The example set by Dr. King is one that inspires us to work toward a more just and equal future. Today, we celebrate that legacy.
The VP is pro-selfie. RT igorbobic: Biden taking a selfie with Mark Warner's daughter for her Instagram
VP Biden on how you can join millions of Americans who have quality health care thanks to the Affordable Care Act:
Merry Christmas! RT TheDemocrats: Wishing you a holiday filled with peace and
Happy Chanukah! Vice President Biden will be speaking at the National Menorah Lighting at pm ET today. Listen here:
Happy th, Delaware! On this day in it became the
I never get tired of counting my blessings. Weve got so much to be thankful for. Happy Thanksgiving, everyone. -Joe
Looking good!
To all the brave men and women who have served our nation, thank you, and happy Veterans
If you've already voted, give your friends a call right now and remind them to vote.
Folks, there's a lot at stake today. Make time to vote. has everything you need to know. -Joe
Democrats can't win without your help. Make sure you're ready to vote on Tuesday:
Look who voted yesterday! Commit to join him by voting in this year's election:
Catch Vice President Biden and Mariska during USA_Network's SVU marathon today. is2Many NotAlone
VP Biden is about to speak about infrastructure development in Philadelphia. This is why we have to RebuildAmerica:
means good news for our economy. Commit to vote for candidates who will RaiseTheWage:
Big GOTV weekend, folks. Wish I could bring a slice to every one of you knocking on doors and picking up phones!
The Vice President is in Joplin, Missouri today. Here's why:
Happy first week of fall, everyone.
Voting is important, folks. Make sure your registration is up-to-date for by visiting Joe
Stopping sexual assault is everyone's responsibility. Visit and take the pledge. ItsOnUs
VP Biden is about to take the stage at the Women's Leadership Forum Conference. Follow TheDemocrats for live updates. DemWomen
When women like DWStweets talk about their breastcancer experience, it gives others hope. Congrats on a well-deserved Komen award. -Joe
if you agree with Vice President Biden.
VAWA is the single most significant legislation Ive ever been part of. Couldn't be prouder of everyone who made it happen. -Joe
Today America stands strong and
There are days left before Election Day. Commit to vote right now
Read the VP's op-ed on his proudest legislative accomplishment: The Violence Against Women Act.
'Folks, its never a good bet to bet against the American people.' - Vice President Biden. WATCH: OpportunityForAll
The Vice President is about to talk about jobs at the Portsmouth Naval Shipyard. Listen MadeInAmerica
Wishing a Happy Labor Day to the hard-working Americans who make our country
. TheDemocrats nominated President Obama and Vice President Biden on this day in
Every single vote matters. Visit and to get ready for November!
Happy birthday, President Obama!
Republicans blocked bills, shut down the government, and voted to sue the President. Replace them with TheDemocrats:
The VP is committed to helping every eligible voter cast a ballot. Join him today:
The Vice President chats about the plan to RebuildAmerica:
Read the VP's letter to the President on how job training will provide OpportunityForAll:
The VP is about to take the stage at NN14. Watch the keynote here:
The VP is speaking at genprogress' MakeProgress Summit. Watch live:
Lets get to work. MT TheDemocrats: Add your voice to President Obama's:
Happy th of July!
The VP reflects on the courage of civil rights leaders like repjohnlewis for CivilRights50
Let's go, USMNT!
The first Corvette was MadeInAmerica (Flint, MI) on this day in
Let's go USMNT! RT TheDemocrats:
One year ago, the Supreme Court struck down a vital component of the VRA. Stand up for every citizen's VotingRights
Still celebrating? Watch the post-game pep talk with the USMNT and the Vice President. OneNationOneTeam IBelieve
The VP cheered on the USMNT in , and he's cheering them on right now. Are you?
Happy Father's Day! MT BeauBiden: HappyFathersDay to all dads today, incl. of the best out there!
TheDemocrats: Our challenge on
to wish DrBiden a very happy birthday!
This election is about each of us doing our part, and the President, VP, and TheDemocrats need your help. Join:
Honoring the memory of those we have lost, and reminding their families that they are never
'I hope you will accept this corsage and enjoy your prom as much as I did mine.' - The VP
if you agree with the Vice President this
'We have to rebuild the infrastructure in this country.' -VP Biden talking RebuildAmerica in St. Louis
Welcome to Washington, UDBlueHens!
Miss the VP and OfficialJLD's video from the WHCD? WATCH:
We have got to get million people out of the shadows.' - VP Biden. Act on immigration:
Ending violence against women is my passion. I couldn't be prouder of & the students who helped make it happen. -Joe
Before the VP launched this week, he championed the Violence Against Women Act TBT
The VP teamed up with Daniel Craig, DuleHill, sethmeyers, and others to combat sexual assault. Watch is2Many
The VP has been fighting to end violence against women for a long time. Here's the next step: is2Many NotAlone
Fight for a fair shot for the middle class
Listen to VP Biden's speech on the budget now on WHLive -->
Agree with the VP that cutting millionaires' taxes while raising middle class taxes is just wrong? Tune in at :00:
ThrowbackThursday to an earlier TakeYourChildToWorkDay
Happy Easter!
High five.
TheDemocrats: Great news! The President just announced >
'The point is real simple: The backbone of this country is a strong and thriving middle class.' -VP in PA
The First Selfie.
Follow the VP on instagram (grab some shades before checking out his first post!)
Watch the VP & JohnKerry at the FIFA World Cup Trophy Tour. Cheer for ussoccer this summer to bring it back!
'Trevor & Chopper represent the very best in our military.' -The VP in the latest BeingBiden
'What's gutsy about giving millionaires another tax break? What's gutsy about gutting Medicare? - VP Biden on the Ryan Budget in . TBT
'It's time to stand up and to fight back' - VP Biden on TheDemocrats' VoterExpansion Project. Watch and join today:
Go Blue Hens! Vice President Biden will deliver the commencement address at UDelaware, his alma mater.
'You've got to be kidding me.' -Vice President Biden, on still having to fight for voterexpansion in . WATCH:
Dusting off the Twitter handle for a big midterm election year. Let's get to it, folks! Joe
Wishing you a happy and safe holiday
VIDEO: Ann Marie shared her My2K story, and ended up having lunch with VP Biden.
VP Biden and Dr. Biden went to the Army-Navy football game last weekendcheck out photos and a video:
See the impact on your state if Congress fails to extend middle-class tax cuts: My2K
Help make sure that taxes stay low for families and small businessescontact your representative now: My2K
'This is no time to add any additional burden for middle class people.VP Biden on My2K at a VA diner last
A FF this week for ObamaInauguraleverything you need to know for President Obama and VP Bidens inauguration on January , .
Share why it matters to you that Congress keep taxes low for American families and small businesses. My2K
VP Biden visited Costco yesterday to do some holiday shoppingand urged Congress to extend middle class tax cuts:
Best wishes for a happy and safe
Help determine what happens next with the organization that powered this campaign:
Were just so incredibly proud of you.VP Biden during a Thanksgiving celebration with wounded warriors yesterday
Happy birthday, VP Biden!
VP: VP greets first responders at Hoboken Terminal in Hoboken,
A favorite Joe photo from November: pizza
VP Biden meets parksandrecnbcs Leslie Knope:
VP Biden celebrated Diwali at the White House this week:
Don't miss VP Biden on parksandrecnbc tonight at :30pm
Whether you volunteered, donated, or just voted, share your Obama2012 memory here:
Relive election night in photos:
Four more
From the bottom of our hearts, thank
If you voted today, make sure your friends know it:
Thumbs up for VP Bidens final campaign stop in Ohio
The secret to getting through: Always be doing something.
Theres plenty of time left to vote! Find out where to go:
Make sure everyone votes todayhop on the phone and talk to voters in key states:
Lets make sure the next years are about giving the middle class a shot. Please get out and vote todayand bring a friend. Joe
Joe photo of the day: The VP casts his vote in
Its a great day to vote! Grab a friend and head to your local polling place:
Election Day is here! Find out where youll be voting tomorrow:
Meet n greet in Lakewood,
Romney and Ryan have been spreading misinformation about Medicare. Get the facts from VP Biden:
Share BarackObama and VP Bidens plan with anyone who needs a reminder before
reasons why President Obama should be
Its the most cynical play Ive seen.VP Biden on Romneys fictitious auto industry ad:
Joe photo of the day: Colorado for
Get a head start on Election Day: Make a plan to vote.
A second term for TeamObamaBiden could be just a few phone calls away: ,
Character, convictions,
The choice couldnt be clearerpass it
If youve got a phone and a computer, you can make calls. Get started now:
if youre in for four more
Watch VP Biden talk about preserving Medicare and Social Securitythe sacred promise of a nation that keeps its word.
To do this weekend: Bring home the win for VP Biden and BarackObama. Heres how youll do it:
VP Biden: The entire history of the journey of this country can be summarized in one word: Forward!
Romney getting tough on China, I got one word for it: Malarkey! Its absolute malarkey.VP Biden in Beloit, WI
VP: Imagine the years of progress weve made for women in Americawhat will happen to that in a Romney-appointed Supreme Court.
I know the guy next door doesn't recognize it, but we actually did rescue the automobile industry and save a million jobs.VP in Wisconsin
VP: Weve created million new private sector jobs. Companies in America hired more workers in Oct. than any time in the last months.
I want to tell you who I am so excited aboutthe next senator from this state, Tammy Baldwin.VP Biden in WI
Its time to sprint, then lean: Sign up to get out the vote this weekend.
Kids lined up to greet VP Biden yesterday in Muscatine,
President Obama: The people who need a champion are the Americans whose letters I read late at night.
Find out if you can vote early in your state:
Its vastly more effective than voting late. Watch VP Bidens top reasons to vote early on Late_Show:
Who do you trust to stand up for the middle class? BarackObama is the man you should trust.VP Biden in Ocala,
VP Bidens presenting the Top list on Late_Show tonight! Tune in at :35pm ET:
Gen. Colin Powell has endorsed BarackObamaheres why:
First responders for Obama-Biden in Florida
Watch VP Biden address Romney-Ryans misleading auto industry ad in Florida yesterday:
VP Biden: My guy, your guy, Barack Obama has character. He has the character of his convictions. He does not engage in deception.
The Presidents job is not to sow confusion. Its to plant the seeds of confidence.VP Biden in Florida
VP: Jeep isnt cutting jobs, they're adding jobs. PolitiFactthe fact-checkers they don't look atthey called the ad wholly inaccurate.
They are running the most scurrilous ad in Ohio. One of the most flagrantly dishonest ads I can ever remember.VP on Romney-Ryan
On Romney: He said % of the American people were not willing to take responsibility for their own lives. Who does he think he is?
VP Biden on Romney: Guess what? He never did answer the question of whether or not women are entitled to equal pay for equal work.
Were all better off when everybody is in this deal together, when were all working together.VP Biden in Sarasota, FL
Joe photo of the day: new friends in Sarasota,
if you agree with VP
Its time to get serious about getting out the vote. Find out how you can help:
Forward, Ohio! VP Biden and President Clinton rally together in Youngstown,
. BarackObama and VP Biden are moving us forward on equal
Joe photo of the day: Pumping up volunteers in Columbus,
We are our brothers keeper. We are our sisters keeper. VP Biden talks about the importance of faith and values:
Joe photo of the day: Virginia hearts
Smiles in Virginia
Donate $20 or whatever you can to stop the other side from buying and bullying its way to a win right at the end:
Get the word out about what BarackObama has done in less than yearsin under minutes:
The VP visited today and he thinks YOU should support the President by voting early: ,
Watch Gen. Colin Powells endorsement of BarackObama and VP Biden:
VP Biden recaps the nd presidential debate, MichelleObama votes, and more on the Road to November th:
Joe photo of the day: Breakfast with VP Biden in Mechanicsburg,
Dr. Biden stopped by an field office last weekend to fire up volunteers:
states in hours: Follow BarackObamas progress on the America Forward tour.
Pass it on: President Obamas plan for a second
Ive got news for Gov. Romney and Congressman Ryanits never, ever been a good bet to bet against the American people.VP Biden
VP Biden: Together, all of useven the percent of us that Romney doesn't think matterwere moving forward.
This President is leveling the playing fieldgetting the middle class back in the game. He knows how to build America from the middle out.
VP Biden on Romney: Governor, you can't run from the truth. You can't run from your record. You can't run from your policies.
These debates have exposed that Gov. Romney and Paul Ryan have a foreign policy right out of the s, a social policy out of the s.
This is a President who says what he means, means what he says, and does what he says.VP Biden introducing President Obama in Ohio today
VP Biden on BarackObama: You got to see what I see every day: a President who clearly understands Americas interest around the world.
Last night, we saw a commander in chief who is in command of the issues.VP Biden in Dayton, Ohio
if youre on
Inspiration for pumpkin carving season, thanks to
Take a look at what people are saying about President Obamas foreign policy debate win:
With only days left, every action counts. Call voters from the comfort of home:
VP Biden in Ohio yesterday: 'The American people will not go back. The American people only know one way: forward.'
Watch President Obama talk about his clear plan to move us forward:
VP: 'Being president requires a clear vision and a steady hand. That's exactly what President Obama demonstrated.'
If youve got the Presidents back after tonights debate, add your name: ProudOfObama
Tonight, we saw what it means to be commander in chief. Visioncouragea steady hand. -Joe
FACT: Romney has held investments in Chinese and Russian oil companies that were doing business with the Iranian energy sector.
this image if you believe standing up for the American worker is good for the country: RomneyWrong
The Obama administrations sanctions against Iran are the most comprehensive that Iran has ever faced.
The President never 'apologized' for America. Not once. RomneyWrong
FACT: By the time Gov. Romney left office, more businesses were going out of business in Massachusetts than being created.
The Romney campaign offered few specifics about what Romney would do differently from President Obama on Syria:
Tune in for the final presidential debate on foreign policy tonight: Live coverage kicks off at pm ET.
Why Mitt Romney's Cold War mentality is out of date: RomneyNotReady
What Romney needs to answer in tonights foreign policy debate: RomneyNotReady
The American people didnt give up, they got up.VP Biden on the road to November th:
When it comes to our national security, the choice is clear: RomneyNotReady
Hes not ready for prime time in terms of national security.Former Sec. of State Madeleine Albright on Mitt Romney:
Father-daughter campaigning in
Foreign policy officials review the strength and steadiness of President Obama's leadership on the world stage:
Joe photo of the day: Provisioning an field office in
Dr. Biden: The election is just days away. And the work we do between now and then could make all the difference.
We have come so farand weve got to keep moving forwardnot just on womens issues, but on all issues.Dr. Biden in Minnesota
Dr. B: The President and the Vice President know how important it is for women to be able to make our own decisions about our health care.
Dr. Biden: I want to make sure that all our veteransand their familiesget the benefits they have earned and the respect they deserve.
When Joe & Barack were elected, like so many of you, one of my main hopes was that we end the war in Iraq. The President kept his promise.
Dr. Biden in MN: Im also a military mom. Our son Beau served in Iraq for a year with the Delaware Army National Guard.
We have already made so much progress. We have doubled funding for Pell Grants and reformed the student loan process.Dr. Biden
Dr. Jill Biden: As a teacher, I want to make sure that we continue to invest in quality education.
Im a full-time teacher and, like most teachers, teaching isnt just what I doits who I am.Dr. Biden in Minnesota
Joe photo of the day, DQ
VP: All of a sudden, Paul Ryan, the budget hawkthe guy who introduced a budget plan that already passedhe doesnt remember it. Romnesia
I hope you all dont get Romnesia. Its a bad diseaseand its contagious.VP Biden in Florida today
VP Biden on Romney: The President has a new term for this sort of ability to change your mind so quickly. He calls it Romnesia.
VP Biden: When Gov. Romney was asked whether or not women deserve equal pay for equal work, what was his answer? Binders.
Romney and Ryan made it very clear they're willing to impose their private views on the public.VP on Romney-Ryans womens health views
VP on Romney-Ryan: You heard the debates. It was made very clear that they don't believe a woman has a right to control her own body.
VP: Barack and I are absolutely committed to ensuring that our daughters & granddaughters have the exact same opportunities as our sons.
We have fundamentally different views on how to move this country forward, and a fundamentally different value set.VP on Romney-Ryan
Watch President Obama describe the symptoms of Romnesia:
POTUS: If youve come down with Romnesia & cant remember the promises youve made, dont worryObamacare covers pre-existing conditions.
POTUS: If you say youre for the coal industry but stood in front of a coal plant and said this will kill you, you may have Romnesia.
Speaking in Virginia today, President Obama coined a new term to describe Mitt Romneys deceptive policies: Romnesia.
Lilly Ledbetter: Romney's position on pay equity is a 'terrible injustice' for women.
Joe photo of the day: A new friend in Reno,
A warm Colorado welcome for VP
Fired up, ready to go for VP Biden in Greeley, CO yesterday!
VP on Romneys immigration stance: Hes not only out of touch with the Hispanic community, hes out of touch with the American people.
My daughter and granddaughters & Baracks daughters are entitled to every single, solitary opportunity my sons are and my grandsons are.
VP: The place where Romney was least responsive & most sketchy, where we have the most basic disagreement with him, is on womens rights.
On the Romney-Ryan budget: Their budget slashes million people off Medicaid; turns Medicare into a voucher system; decimates education.
Gov. Romney was a littlehow can I say it? Sketchy last night. No details. No specifics.VP Biden in Greeley, CO today
On the debate: You saw the man I have sat with every day: a man of principle and gumption, a man with a steady hand and a clear vision.
VP in CO: Early voting starts in Colorado on Oct. . So don't wait until Election Day. Lets take this thing sooner than later, okay?
President Obama dominated. See what people are saying about BarackObamas debate win last night:
Taegan Goddard: He kept Romney on the defensive and came prepared It was devastatingly effective.
A clear win for Obama:
if you agree with President Obama that our daughters and sons deserve equal
Mitt Romney opposed the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act:
VP Biden: For women, 'the picture is becoming more clear' after last night's debate.
President Obama stood up for you tonightnow its your turn. Commit to vote: TeamBarack
OFA Campaign Manager Jim Messina on why BarackObama 'clearly won tonight's debate':
If youre proud of President Obama after tonights debate, add your name: TeamBarack
President Obama: 'We are on pace to double our exports. That's creating tens of thousands of jobs all across the country.' TeamBarack
President Obama: 'We have made sure that millions of young people are able to get an education when they weren't able to before.'
Romney invested in a Chinese firm after learning it would not be subject to taxes in the United States. SketchyDeal
Romneys energy plan would do nothing for energy independence, and risks destroying thousands of jobs: RealRomney
FACT: Romneys only solution to lower gas prices is to drill for more oilyet he opposes vehicle standards that will save money at the pump.
Time to tune in! The second presidential debate starts in a few minutes. TeamObamaBiden
Why Romneys tax plan just doesnt add up: MittMath
'Arithmetic over illusion': What Romney's tax plan really means for the middle class. MittMath
if youre on TeamObamaBiden and excited for tonights debatethe action kicks off at pm ET on our live blog:
Let's show Barack what kind of grassroots organization he's got behind himone that's ready for whatever comes ahead.
La Crosse, Wisconsin was fired up for VP Biden and Dr. Biden last
VP: Whats at stake for the Latino community this election is the dreams & aspirations of their fathers and mothers.
Dr. Biden gets North Carolinians excited for early voting, which kicks off in just days (cc )
Pitch in $10, get a car magnetits that easy:
In , then-Sen. Biden wrote a letter to an th graderand changed his life. Check it out:
Crisscrossing the country with VP Biden, President Obama, and the First Lady on the road to November th:
VP Biden responds to Romney and Ryan writing off half the American people:
Romney and Ryan have been spreading misinformation about Medicare. Get the facts from VP Biden:
Big cheers for VP Biden and Dr. Jill Biden in La Crosse, Wisconsin
I think Joe Biden rocks. Hundreds of supporters called in to congratulate the VP on his debate winhave a listen:
Worth a re-watch: VP Biden talks in last night's debate about why we've got to give the middle class a fair shot.
if you agree: Facts
. BeauBiden: Paul Ryan left the door wide open for putting additional troops in Afghanistan.
Now its your turn to talkcall and leave a message to let Joe know how you thought he did in last nights debate.
The Romney-Ryan strategy? Hiding the truth on plans that hurt the middle class.
. ChrisVanHollen: What you saw was the passionate Joe Biden, the Joe Biden who fights for the middle class.
The reviews are insee what others are saying about VP Biden's win last night:
A womans health decisions are up to her and her doctorno one
Straight talk on taxes from VP
Tonight you heard the other sides plan to take us back to the failed policies of the past. We can't go back. We've gotta go forward. Joe
If you like what you heard from VP Biden tonight, say you're in here:
if you're on TeamJoe
VP: 'Look at my recordits been all about the middle class. Theyre the people who grow this country.' TeamJoe
Our solemn obligation to
'If you notice, he never answers the question.'VP Biden DetailsMatter
VP on Afghanistan: 'We will leave in .'
The Romney-Ryan plan: They call it gutsywe call it a disaster for the middle class. ,
VP: 'A simple answer: He's raising the cost of Medicare.' FactsMatter
Team Obama-Biden is strengthening Medicare. Romney and Ryan would turn it into
Take a look at the Romney-Ryan budget plan to see what they value (and what they dont):
if you agree: Our economy grows from the middle out and the bottom upnot from the top
'Iran is more isolated today than when we took office.' VP Biden
VP: '(The President) is a guy who has done everything he said he would do.'
Its go time: Tune in to
Barack and I are in this because we'll never stop fighting for you. Youll see that tonight. Joe
My promise to you and Barack tonight:
Wheels down in Lexington,
For live fact-checks, notable quotes, and infographics, follow Obama2012 and OFADebates during and after tonights debate.
Paul Ryan and his many methods of misrepresentation:
Joe photo of the day: prepping for tonights
Check out our livestream of the VP debate tonight for exclusive coverage, starting at pm ET:
if youre on TeamObamaBiden
Get to know Joe a little better before tomorrow's vice presidential debate:
Rep. ChrisVanHollen previews VP Biden's debate against 'a ticket that is willing to say anything to get elected.'
Paul Ryans last major speech was called stunning for its dishonesty. Tune in to see if hell be honest
The only way someone like Mitt Romney beats someone like Barack Obama is if we don't step it up when it really matters:
Barack and I cannot do this alone. We need you and it's always been that way.
Before VP Biden debates Rep. Ryan on Thursday, make sure everyone you know has the facts on where they
Dr. Biden rallied supporters around Pennsylvania yesterday:
The voter registration deadline is today in several states. Make sure your vote counts this fall:
If you heart Joe, say it here:
VP Biden reflects on President Obamas unwavering commitment to veterans:
Voter registration deadlines are coming up in many states. Make sure your vote gets counted:
An inside look at the campaign trail on the Road to November th:
Are you registered to vote at your current address? Make sure:
Tax experts agree: Romneys math just doesnt add up.
Photo of the day: VP Biden talks to a -year-old WWII vet in Council Bluffs,
The American people are so much betterso much strongertake so much more responsibility than these guys give them credit for.VP in IA
VP Biden on Romney-Ryan: Ladies and gentlemen, these guys don't get it. There is no quit in America.
We're going to give tax breaks to companies that invest in America, not invest overseas. We're going to cut our oil imports by half.
VP Biden on the GOP: Their policies put the middle class in a deep hole, which weve been helping them climb out of for the last years.
VP in IA: Can you imagine Barack Obama signing & being for a plan that would raise by $6,400 a year the cost of Medicare? Audience: No!
VP on Romney: He didnt tell you much about his plan. He didnt say much about what his plan does. And a lot of it just doesnt add up.
Since President Obama has been elected President and changed the law, Medicare recipients have more benefits.VP Biden in Iowa
VP Biden on Romney-Ryan: They dont tell you what they are for anymore. And they deliberately misrepresent what they say we are for.
He put forward a clear, specific plan on how to get this country moving forward again.VP Biden on President Obama in last nights debate
VP in Iowa: You have early voting in this state. Its already underway. You dont have to wait till Election Day, so elect us today.
In case you missed it: Check out VP Bidens take on last nights debate.
President Obama has a specific plan for strengthening the middle classpass it
Fact check: Rommey's debate performance was 'mostly fictional.'
If youre standing with President Obama tonight, be sure to register to vote. It takes less than minutes:
Folks, I hope you saw what I saw tonight: President Obama's the choice to move us forward, not back. Joe
To Barack: Good luck tonight, and happy anniversary to you and Michelle. Joe and Jill
Livestream coverage of tonights debate kicks off at pm ETwith a special message from the VP following the debate:
North Carolina was all smiles for VP Biden
Keep the faith:
Happy debate day! Theres still time to find a watch party near you:
Be the first to hear from VP Biden after the debate tomorrow nightfind a watch party in your community:
From Carson City to Charlottesville, President Obamas policies are having positive effects across the country:
We will fulfill the only truly sacred obligation we have as a nationto equip those we send to war and care for them when they come home.
We've cut taxes for everyone in the middle class$3,600 for the average family.VP Biden in North Carolina
VP in NC: They say they value education, but they make massive cuts in educationin early education, elementary, and secondary education.
They say they value children and the elderly, but their budget slashes million people off of Medicaid.VP Biden on Romney-Ryan
VP Biden on Romney-Ryan: Their plan would immediately cut benefits for million seniors already on Medicare.
Under President Obama's leadership, Medicare benefits have actually increased. For prescription drugs, they've increased by $800.VP Biden
'The middle class was buried by the policies that Romney and Ryan have supported.'VP Biden in Asheville, NC
President Obama and Vice President Biden have a plan to move the economy forwardcheck it out:
VP Biden made clear in his remarks today that Romney-Ryan would take us back to the failed Bush policies that crashed our economy.
Dont forget to RSVP for a debate watch party near you!
VP Biden got a sunny welcome in the Sunshine State over the weekend:
Bonus! After the debate, VP Biden will speak to supporters at watch parties. Don't miss it:
Cheer on President Obama in Wednesdays first debate at a supporter watch party in your neighborhood:
Thanks to everyone who pitched in to help this campaign start strong in
Hello, this is
Pitch in $5 before midnight to power this campaign when it matters most:
One-on-one in Boca Raton,
if you agree that Social Security should be protectednot written off as a Ponzi
VP Biden stood up for protecting Social Security and Medicare in Tamarac, Florida
Make sure your grandparents know: Romney could raise taxes on their Social Security benefits.
Just weekends left till Election Dayget out there for a Weekend of Action event near you:
Ive got news for Governor Romney and Congressman Ryan: America and Americans are neither dependent nor are we in decline.VP Biden
VP in FL: The American people are so much better, so much stronger, take so much more responsibility than these guys give them credit for.
VP Biden: My dad used to say, Joey, I dont expect the government to solve my problems, but I do expect them to understand my problems.
VP on the Romney-Ryan Medicare plan: Youd have to reach into your pocket and come up with another $6,400 a year.
The action that the President took with regard to Medicare has made the system solvent through .VP Biden in Florida
VP Biden: Just look at the facts. President Obama has increased the benefits available to people on Medicare today by the action he took.
VP Biden on Romneys plan: The average senior would have to pay $460 more in taxes for their Social Security.
Mitt Romneys tax plan could lead to higher costs for seniorssend an eCard to spread the word:
VP Biden is in Florida today to talk about the stark choice on Social Security in this election. Get the facts:
VIDEO: President Obamas plan for creating jobs and strengthening the middle class.
days. Lets do this thing.
The best thing youll read today:
Fired up, ready for Joe in Chesterfield,
The choice on womens health couldnt be
Registering to vote takes less than minutes. Do it today, then spread the word:
VP: Ive got news for Gov. Romney and Congressman Ryan: Gentlemen, it has never, ever been a good bet to bet against the American people.
We owe those of you who served, we owe the families of those who have served, an incredible debt.VP Biden in Virginia
VP: How could Gov. Romney and Congressman Ryan have such a profound misunderstanding of who the American people are?
We dont think it is a culture of dependency when a -year-old couple with a couple of kids gets a child care tax credit.VP Biden
VP: We do not think it creates a culture of dependency when a -year-old widow living alone has access to Medicare and Social Security.
Instead of attacking folks who work for a living and pay their way, Romney should be respecting their hard work.VP Biden
They turn Medicare into a voucher system, and they put insurance companies back in control of your health.VP Biden on Romney-Ryan
On Romney-Ryan: Their budget calls for massive cuts to education. They cut $4.9 billion in year out of elementary & secondary education.
VP on the GOP: They say they care about the middle class. Isnt it amazing how they discovered the middle class at their convention?
We put forward a concrete plan to cut the debt by $4 trillion in the next years.Vice President Biden in Chesterfield, VA
Don't wonder 'what if'give Dinner with Barack a shot before this great campaign tradition comes to an end.
A favorite Joe
Get a free Obama-Biden car magnet in easy steps:
Before voting even starts, Romneys already written off half the country. Be part of the team that fights for everyone:
Check out some highlights from the VPs trip to New Hampshirethen commit to vote:
Connect with the campaign on Facebook and get a free Obama-Biden car magnet!
Touchdown
Grins in Dartmouth, New
This is not a country of victims. This is a country where when people get knocked down, they get back up. VPinNH
We see a future where everyoneeveryone, rich and poordoes their part and has a part.VP Biden
Written off by Romney: million children, young adults from working-class families, who are in college because of Pell Grants.
Written off by Romney: The -year-old Vietnam War veteran who goes to the VA hospital once a week to get help and treatment.
Among those Romney disdained: The -year-old widow living on Social Security and Medicare, which she worked her whole life to earn.
VP on Romneys % comment: Lets take a look at the people who they think he has no responsibility toward, or who are dependent.
I believe he genuinely believes that nearly half this country is made up of people who see themselves as victims.VP Biden on Romney
We are certain we will meet the goal in this country of once again having the highest percentage of college graduates by . VPinNH
VP Biden: Weve invested in early education to eliminate the achievement gap before kids hit second grade.
We capped student loan repayments at percent of your disposable income. It matters in what youll be able to do.VP Biden
Jill has an expression: Any nation that out-educates us will out-compete us. It means we must be the best-educated nation in the world.
VP Biden stands up for the % of Americans who Romney wrote off this week:
VP Biden: The President and I have a fundamentally different vision for this country and a fundamentally different value set.
How the Bidens do fall (with a -pound pumpkin)
One year ago today, President Obama ended Dont Ask, Dont Tell':
You've got to get involvedwe've got the last Dinner with Barack of this campaign coming up:
Grabbing a bite in Muscatine,
Check out the highlights from Dr. Jill Bidens trip to colleges in Minnesota and Pennsylvania last week:
Pass it
PHOTOS: With just eight days to go until early voting starts in Iowa, VP Biden found folks fired up and ready to go.
Join Americans of faith who are supporting BarackObama:
Pumpkin time means its voting season in the Hawkeye
Watch Glorias storyits powerful stuff:
VP in Iowa: It's time to stand up for the middle class. And you can start moving in that direction in days when early voting starts.
I don't live in a country that's dependent or declining. There is no give-up anywhere in America.VP Biden
VP: The President and I have a different way forward. We know the way to create jobs is the old-fashioned wayfrom the middle out.
VP Biden on Romney: He is totally out of touch with the reality of what ordinary Americans deal with every day. He does not get it.
VP Biden in IA: The President has brought more trade cases against China in one term than the Bush administration did in eight years.
President Obama understands that creating jobs here, keeping jobs here, bringing jobs back to America, that's the job of the President.
On Romneys jobs plan: It will create jobsall of them overseasand were being lectured by this guy about getting tough on China?
VP on Romney (2/2): The President won that case. As a consequence, workers are making tires in this country and earning a good wage.
VP on Romney (1/2): He called the President a protectionist for stepping up and stopping an unfair surge of Chinese automobile tires.
VP in Iowa: Isnt it great having a President who thinks it matters whether or not theres still an auto industry in the United States?
days left till the electionsign up to make a difference now:
Just a few ways President Obama is moving this country forward:
Join Dr. Jill Biden as a woman for Obama:
From now until Election Day, I want to ask for everything youve got to help support President Obama and my husband.Dr. Biden in PA
Dr. Biden: That means talking to all the women in your livesask them who they trust to stand up for women & to keep expanding our rights.
Dr. Biden in Pittsburgh: Weve got to realize how far weve comeand weve got to do our part to keep moving forward. Women2012
For women of my generation, we know we cant go back and refight those same battles that we fought years or decades ago.Dr. Biden
Now insurance companies will no longer be able to charge us more for our coverage just because were women.Dr. Biden in PA
Dr. B: The President has appointed more women to cabinet-level positions & more women to the federal bench in his st term than anyone.
Its no surprise that the very first bill the President signed helped make it easier for women to earn the same pay as men.Dr. Biden
Dr. Biden on VP Biden: He always says his proudest accomplishment was pushing for and passing the Violence Against Women Act.
Dr. Jill Biden: Barack is the son of a single mother who worked hard to pay the bills.
Ive seen firsthand how Barack and Joe stand up for the rights and freedoms of women every day.Dr. Biden in Pittsburgh, PA
Im in love with a
Dr. Jill Biden: At the end of the day, its not Barack or Joe alone that are going to move this country forward. Its you.
I know that our President and Vice President are fighting for the values that have always made our country so great. DrBiden2012
Hes directed his entire administration to make the needs of military families a priority.Dr. Biden on President Obama
Dr. Jill Biden on President Obama: He implemented and expanded the G.I. Bill and signed tax cuts for businesses who hire veterans.
Theyre making smart investments to raise standards for teaching and learning in our public schools.Dr. Biden on POTUS & VPOTUS
Dr. Biden on POTUS & VPOTUS: They are giving students the right to repay their loans at a fixed percentage of their income.
Like most teachers, it isnt just what I doit is who I am.Dr. Jill Biden in Michigan
Dr. Biden: So many issues I care deeply about are all at stake here in .
This election is personal to me. And its not just because my husbands name is on the ballot.Dr. Jill Biden in MI
In case you missed it, VP Biden rallied students in Eau Claire, Wisconsin yesterday:
Go backstage with VP Biden, President Obama, and the First Lady at DNC2012:
You can find out all the information you need at our websites: and .Dr. Biden
Dr. B: Every day, Barack and Joe are working so that every single American has an opportunity to provide for themselves & their families.
The President has a plan to train million workers through partnerships between businesses and community colleges. DrBiden2012
Dr. Biden: Community colleges are a cornerstone of our education policies.
Dr. Biden on POTUS and VPOTUS: They doubled funding for Pell Grants and fought to make sure that student loan interest rates didnt go up.
Barack and Joe are working hard to invest in education and make it easier for young people to afford college.Dr. Jill Biden in MN
Dr. Biden in MN: Im proud of this administration because I know that every single day, President Obama & my husband are fighting for you.
Dr. Jill Biden is hitting the campaign trail with stops in Minnesota, Michigan & Pennsylvaniawell be covering all the action right here.
VP Biden in WI: America is coming back. Were not going back. Were going forward.
We see a future where America leads not only by the example of our power, but by the power of our example.VP Biden
Our plan focuses first on education100,000 new science and math teachers in the next years.VP Biden in Eau Claire, WI
VP Biden on Romney-Ryan: They are not for Medicare. They are for a plan called Vouchercare.
VP on the GOP: What they're proposing will not extend the life of Medicare. It will actually put the trust fund in jeopardy in .
VP Biden on Romney-Ryan: To them, it doesnt matter much where American companies put their money or where they create jobs.
The Romney-Ryan budget calls for massive cuts in elementary and secondary education.VP Biden in Eau Claire, WI
VP in WI: out of every jobs in the next years are going to require a degree or certificate beyond high schoolwe must be prepared.
The President & I know neither one of us would be standing where we are today were it not for help we received in scholarships and loans.
VP: The President & I have a fundamentally different vision than Gov. Romney & Congressman Ryan, and a different value set that guides us.
Eau Claire, WI welcomed VP Biden with flair
President Obama on the values and faith that guide himand our countrythrough difficult times:
Like generations before us, you didnt lose faith. You fought back. You didnt give up, you got up.VP Biden
We have a lot of obligationsonly one truly sacred one, and that is to equip those we send to war & care for those who come home from war.
VP Biden: We've increased benefits for Medicare recipients, and in addition, we've extended the solvency of this system to the year .
Weve set a goaland we will accomplish itof creating million new manufacturing jobs by .Vice President Biden
VP: Our President knows creating jobs here in America, keeping jobs here, and bringing jobs back to Americathat's the job of a President.
My personal prayer for all of you is that in every succeeding year, youre able to sing more than you weep.Vice President Biden
Pick out your favorite bumper sticker, and well send it to you for free:
VP Biden swung through Ohio this weekendand supporters greeted him warmly at every stop:
It was peach pie and motorcycle talk for the VP at Cruisers Diner in Seaman, Ohio
if you agree with VP
It's never been a good bet to bet against America!VP Biden in Zanesville,
Back in
More than grassroots donationsand countingto help re-elect President Obama and Vice President Biden:
Were kicking off the biggest weekend of action yet, and chances are theres an event near you. Get out there:
Pitch in $5 to the President and Vice President who are working to strengthen the middle class every day:
President Obama laid out a plan to restore the promise of middle class security last night:
VP Biden spoke from the heart last nightwatch his speech and get inspired all over again:
After a great DNC2012, its time to register voters and win this thingfind a weekend of action event near you:
If youre in for four more years, stand with President Obama and Vice President Biden today:
. BarackObama, MichelleObama, VP Biden, and Dr. Jill Bidentogether again on the campaign trail! Follow and for the latest.
Pitch in $5 now to make sure this campaign stays strong all the way to a win in November:
The middle class wasnt a numberit wasnt a net worth. It was more of a value set.VP Biden on his upbringing:
Well be live-tweeting the VPs speech on Obama2012follow along for the latest.
Before BarackObama takes the stage tonight, watch his brother-in-law Craig relive another DNC speech:
Catch up on all the great speeches and stories from DNC2012 so far:
if youre excited for VP Bidens speech at :35pm
President Bill Clinton is explaining why we should vote Obama-Biden on Nov. . Watch it live:
Get to know the key points of the Democratic Party platform in RT-friendly
Couldnt make it to Charlotte? Catch VP Biden and President Obamas speeches at a neighborhood watch party tomorrow:
'Barack knows the American dream because he's lived it.' Watch MichelleObama's debut at the DNC last night:
If DNC2012 has you fired up, do something about it: Commit to vote today.
San Antonio Mayor Julian Castro knocked it out of the park at DNC2012 last night. Take a look:
VP Biden. Kal Penn. Coming tomorrow to a livestream near you:
Jill and I are looking forward to hearing from our amazing First Lady tonightwe think she's going to knock it out of the park. Joe
A moving tribute to the late Sen. Ted Kennedy:
VP to union workers in MI: We know who built this country, and we know who is going to rebuild it. Its you. We should be thanking you.
Let me make something clear and say it to the press, America is better off today.Vice President Biden in Detroit
Its simple, folks. Were for Medicare; they're for voucher-care. And if they win, people are in trouble.VP Biden
VP Biden: While were talking about making sure we protect Medicare, they're talking about creating an entire new systemvoucher-care.
Right to work means the right to work for less, not for what you deserve. That's not going to happen as long as were here.VP Biden
VP Biden: The President and I are determined to replace the word outsourcing for our childrens generation with the word insourcing.
Because of you and your productivity, the combined auto companies have committed to invest another $23 billion in expansion in America.
Youre the reason why the automobile industry is back.VP Biden at an AFL-CIO labor rally in Detroit yesterday
VP in Detroit yesterday: Much of what they told you at their convention is simply, as they say in my old neighborhood, not on the level.
Cheer on VP Biden and President Obama Thursday night at a DNC2012 watch party near you:
The VP took the stage in York, Pennsylvania with his grandson and son on
Check out highlights from the VPs visit to York, Pennsylvania yesterday:
VIDEO: VP Biden talks about the basic choice on Medicare between BarackObama and Mitt Romney.
To the more than million Americans who have given to this campaign: Thank you.
VIDEO: In Iowa, BarackObama offers his thoughts on the Republican convention:
if youre ridin with
. BarackObama on the GOP convention: 'They talked a lot about me. But they didn't say much about you.'
Lordstown, Ohio welcomes the
VP Biden: We do not think you grow the economy from millionaires down. We know we build it from the middle class out.
Vice President Biden in Ohio: This is no time to go back. We have to continue to move forward.
On Romney-Ryan: They talk about extending the Bush tax cuts for the very wealthy$500 billion of the tax cuts will go to families.
VP on the auto rescue that Romney opposed: auto workers whove been added to the rolls since reorganization would not be working.
VP on Paul Ryans false claim about a GM plant closing: That plant in Janesville actually closed while President Bush was still in office.
VP Biden on the Romney-Ryan budget: Lets look at how much they value you. They propose making massive cuts in education.
Romney was willing to go to extremes to secure a federal bailout when Bain Consulting was on the verge of collapse.VP Biden in OH
Theres nothing bold about turning Medicare into a voucher system.VP Biden on the Romney-Ryan plan
They call their plan new, bold, and gutsy. Theres nothing gutsy about giving another trillion in tax cuts to millionaires.VP Biden
VP Biden in Ohio: They said last night that things werent getting better. I guess they dont know whats happening here in Lordstown.
VP: If we win this election, it will be because of what you did in moments like this to help close the spending gap.
. BarackObama on how you can prove the cynics wrong one more time:
New OFA video: Mitt Romney's 'unshakable' record.
Growing this campaign from the ground uptalking to voters about the issues that matter most to themis how we win:
Ohio, get fired upVP Biden is holding a grassroots event in Lordstown on Friday. Follow for the latest!
President Obama is fighting for small businesses right here in the
if you agree we dont need a President whose private-sector experience involved outsourcing U.S.
Mitt Romneys convention reinvention:
Help win this electiondonate $5 today:
This is how we could lose the election.
Theres no quit in America.VP Biden in Minnesota this
VP Biden and EvaLongoria will speak to supporters in Orlando next week about the important choice Latino voters face this fall.
The Vice President called my phone bank!
Olympic champion boxer Claressa Shields gave VP Biden a gold-medal show of support in Detroit this
Calculate your savings on college costs thanks to President Obamas policies:
Four more
Vice President Biden: I am absolutely certain we will rebuild this country stronger than it was before.
VP: My mom used to say, children tend to become that which you expect of them. We expect a lot of you because you are capable of a lot.
A job is about a lot more than a paycheck. Its about your dignity. It is about your place in the community.VP Biden in Detroit today
There's nothing bold about cutting Medicaid, Medicare, education, and research and development.VP on the Romney-Ryan economic plan
VP Biden on the Romney-Ryan plan today: They call it new and gutsy. But I say theres nothing new about giving a millionaire a tax break.
We expanded the number of children able to attend college6 million to million just since we've come to officebecause of Pell Grants.
We rescued the automobile industry, saving a million jobs and creating brand-new, good-paying jobs.VP Biden
VP in MN: We know the way to grow the economy is the way we always havefrom the middle class out. Thats how weve always done it.
VP Biden on the Romney-Ryan economic plan: Theres overwhelming evidence that their policies will not grow the economy.
VIDEO: VP Biden on how President Obamaunlike Mitt Romneyhas stood up to China when American jobs are on the line.
MT adamsmithtimes: Obama campaign confirms Joe Biden in Fla next week during GOP convention
Go to the Democratic convention, meet the President, and spend time with the First Ladyairfares on us:
Best contest ever:
The VP is heading to Minnesota and Michigan tomorrow and Wednesday. Follow and for the latest!
'We've come too far to turn back now. We've got too much work to do.'
Our solemn
Deputy Campaign Manager stefcutter fact-checks Mitt Romneys Medicare claims:
Virginia for
A story to tell: Coffee with Joe Biden.
Keep your beverages frosty for the last few weeks of summer with the VPs Cheers, Champ can holder:
Smiles on the road in
VP Biden: You don't have to worry about Barack Obama fundamentally flopping and flipping on important issues of the day.
VP: We've strengthened Medicare to extend its life by years, made reforms that have saved seniors hundreds on their prescription drugs.
We've cut taxes, over the initial resistance of our Republican friends, for middle-class people by $3,600.VP Biden
VP: We expanded from million to million students, tens of thousands here in Virginia who are going to college on a Pell Grant now.
We dont think you grow the economy from millionaires down. We think you grow it from the middle class out.VP Biden
VP in Blacksburg, VA: To paraphrase President Clinton, Gov. Romneys proposals on the economy are George Bushs proposals on steroids.
The President and I have a very different vision for America. It rests on a growing, prosperous middle class, a fair tax code.VP Biden
VP in VA: We're going to give a tax break to any company who unbolts their factory stuff in Singapore and brings it back to Danville.
VP Biden on Pell Grants: We expanded by million people the number of kids from working-class families who get a grant to attend college.
In spite of Gov. Romneys pleas, we still went out and rescued the automobile industry. We saved a million jobs.VP Biden in Virginia
VP: We think the way you rebuild this country is you grow it from the middle class out, the old-fashioned way, not from millionaires down.
VP Biden on the GOP budget: They refer to it as bold and gutsy. I dont get whats gutsy about giving millionaires another tax break.
From firefighters to football players, the VP met some friendly North Carolinians and Virginians yesterday:
Photo of the day: Thanking first responders in Durham,
VP Biden called a surprise huddle at a high school football practice in Danville, VA yesterday:
We see an America where we maintain our sacred obligation of keeping faith with veteransnot cutting their benefits.VP Biden
VP in NC: We see an America where my granddaughters have every single solitary opportunity my grandson hasevery single one.
We offer a stark alternative to the Ryan vision and the Romney vision, and it all rests on a growing, prosperous middle class.VP Biden
VP Biden on Paul Ryan: He proposed privatizing Social Security, a proposal that even the Bush administration rejected as irresponsible.
VP Biden: We cut taxes for middle-class people over these four years by $3,600. We provided tax cuts to grow small business.
VP Biden in Durham, NC on the contrast between President Obama and Romney-Ryan: It comes down to a fundamentally different set of values.
Supporters were fired up for Joe in Durham, NC today:
VP Biden visited the Basilica of Our Lady of Guadalupe, the most holy Roman Catholic site in Mexico, this March:
We're launching Catholics for Obama todayjoin us here:
The Vice President is visiting North Carolina and Virginia this week. Follow and for the latest.
Worth a readwriter George Saunders on why the Presidents support for the Violence Against Women Act earned his vote:
Now that we know who's on both teams, stand with Obama-Biden:
Get the facts about Romney-Ryan and RT to spread the word:
VP Biden called Paul Ryan this morning to wish him well, saying he's looking forward to engaging him on the choice voters face in November.
VIDEO: See how Mitt Romneys pledge to get rid of Planned Parenthood would impact womens health care.
if youre on the
On this date in , Sonia Sotomayor was sworn in as the Supreme Courts th
Introducing the Obama Classicyour chance to join President Obama and a whos-who of basketball greats:
VIDEO: Deputy Campaign Manager stefcutter explains Mitt Romneys tax plan.
What would your family pay in taxes if Mitt Romney were president? Find out:
Get the facts on the Presidents fight to protect early voting in Ohio:
Dining local in Independence,
Ohioansincluding servicemembers and vets who served our countryshouldnt have to endure shameful attempts to restrict their voting rights.
'We're going to keep our commitment to American veterans no matter what happens.VP Biden today:
Happy birthday to a great President and a wonderful friend. Joe
See how middle-class families in your state would fare under Mitt Romneys tax plan:
President BarackObama turns tomorrowjoin the First Lady and sign his birthday card:
this if you agree with VP Biden that Congress needs to reauthorize the Violence Against Women
A photo that makes us smile: Dr. Jill Biden welcomes a young visitor to the Naval
Mitt Romneys tax plan would raise taxes on the average middle-class familyfind out how it would affect yours:
Attention, Iowansin just days, you can cast your vote for President Obama. Commit to vote now (cc ):
Women everywhere are counting on us, and they can't wait any longer.VP Biden:
Wondering how to get involved with Obama2012? Theres an app for that:
Today is this campaigns biggest fundraising deadline yet. Donate $5 before midnight:
Charming the locals in Manchester,
Check out what its like to be a part of the Obama2012 campaignthen sign up to get involved:
Help close the fundraising gap and donate to President Obama now, while theres still time to make a difference:
Some straight talk from Joe this morning:
I just made a stop at Chicago HQ today, which confirmed to me why were going to win. This is an amazing operation. Joe
Stand up for the progress President Obama has made for teachers and studentsjoin Educators for Obama today:
The defining feature here is that to me, to Jill, to Barack, to Michelle, the middle class is not a number.VP Biden to AFTUnion
VP Biden on the GOP and Mitt Romney: It looks as though they decided that public education is not worth the investment anymore.
VP Biden to educators at the AFT convention yesterday: Youre out there to teach because somebody, some teacher, lit a spark in you.
Dr. Jill Biden to the American Federation of Teachers in Detroit yesterday: Being a teacher is not what I do, its who I am.
This one makes us
Its the biggest Obama2012 weekend of action yet, and it kicks off tomorrow. Find an event near you:
. BarackObama: 'I believe in fighting for the middle class, because if they're prospering all of us will prosper.'
VP Bidens son, BeauBiden, on the promises President Obama has madeand keptto our veterans:
From tax cuts to more access to loans, find out how President Obama is giving small businesses a leg
VP to firefighters: I think you represent the heart, the soul, the very sinew of the cities, the towns, the counties that you protect.
VP: The middle class is about being able to own your home and not just rent it, or being able to send your kid to a park you know is safe.
You live in the neighborhoods you protect. You are the community.VP Biden speaking to firefighters at the IAFF convention yesterday
Barack and I will continue to do everything we can to keep police officers across the country on the beat. Joe
The President and I are honored to accept the endorsement of the National Association of Police Organizations. Joe
Watch live: The Vice President speaks at the International Association of Fire Fighters Convention in Philadelphia.
President Obama and Vice President Biden are proud to accept todays endorsement of the National Association of Police Organizations.
Its a choice between two very different plans for our country.
VP: President Obama has stood up repeatedly, publicly & often alone against efforts to delegitimize Israel at the UN and around the world.
VP Biden on Mitt Romney: He reflexively criticizes the Presidents policies without offering any alternatives.
Because of President Obamas leadership, Osama bin Laden is dead and General Motors is alive.Vice President Biden
He has done more for Israels security than any President since Harry Truman.VP Biden on President Obama
VP Biden: President Obama has taken the fight directly to Americas enemies, confronting al-Qaeda head on and taking out Osama bin Laden.
A statement from VP Biden on Mitt Romneys critiques of the President's foreign policy record today: Empty rhetoric and bluster.'
Find out why VP Biden reminds Brandon, an volunteer, of his dad:
Take it from VP Bidenyoull have fun at President Obamas birthday party:
The Vice Presidents commitment to first
A favorite Joe
Engineers, babies, and plenty of smiles greeted the VP in Columbus, Ohio last week:
Register a voter, tell a story to inspire one person, volunteer one hour of your timefind out more about It Takes One:
Every
The VP fires up the crowd in Columbus,
President Obama bet on Ohio workers, and now manufacturings making a comebackget the facts in this new report:
if you agree Mitt Romney should do the right thing and release more than one year of tax
The Presidents having a birthday party in Chicago next month, and youre invited:
VP Biden is visiting Columbus, Ohio on Thursdaycheck out these awesome pics from his May visit to the Buckeye State:
President Obama in Ohio: When the auto industry was on the brink of collapse and Gov. Romney said, Let Detroit go bankrupt,' I said no.
I will wake up every single day fighting for you as hard as I know how.President Obama speaking in Cincinnati today
VP Biden talks about the GOPs different value set on family issues like reforming Social Security and Medicare:
if you
A favorite Joe
Meet Margean Iowa volunteer for Obama2012 who goes way back with the Vice President:
I believe this election will come down to character, conviction, and vision.VP Biden at the NAACP today
Vice President Biden: We are our brothers keeper. We are our sisters keeper. We have an obligation.
When you have the right to vote, you have the right to change things.VP Biden on the Presidents commitment to voting rights
We see an America where our daughters have everyand I mean everyopportunity our sons have.VP Biden to the NAACP today
In the end, thats what the presidencys all about: Your character. Your convictions.VP Biden to the NAACP today
Dont miss this great highlight reel from the Vice Presidents trip to Iowa last month:
The choice this
VP Biden on Mitt Romney's double standard:
Watch the Vice President describe Mitt Romneys lack of sound judgment on the housing foreclosure crisis:
Ladies and gentlemen, dont miss this. This is your moment. This is the moment for your community.VP Biden addressing today
VP Biden: We believe the way to grow the economyan economy that's built to lastis from the middle out, the old-fashioned way.
The American people support the DREAMers.VP Biden speaking at NCLR2012 today
As a presidential candidate, Romneys father released years of tax returns, saying, One year could be a fluke, perhaps done for show.
Watch VP Biden fire up the crowd in Waterloo, Iowa last month on President Obamas record of supporting American jobs:
The President is in Cedar Rapids, Iowa today to speak up for the middle classfollow our live-tweet on Obama2012 at :50pm ET.
VP Biden will be speaking to in Las Vegas tomorrowhave you checked out ?
'This isnt about taxing job creators. This is about helping job creators.'President Obama
President Obama: 'Im calling on Congress to extend the tax cuts on the % of Americans who make less than $250,000 a year.
If youre a teacher who stands by the progress the President and Vice President have made, join Educators for Obama:
VP Biden shared his personal reasons for supporting a strong education system at the NEAs annual assembly:
Donate $30 or more and youll get a Cup of Joe mug along with a chance to join the VP for coffee on the campaign trail:
Check out photos, videos, and audio postcards from President Obamas bus tour through Ohio and Pennsylvania:
President Obama in Pittsburgh today: If you still believe in me like I believe in you, I hope you will stand with me in .
Scranton, PA gave the VP a warm hometown welcome this week:
The Presidents in Ohio todaydont miss this video of VP Bidens last swing through the Buckeye State:
The VPs having coffee with a supporter, and it could be you. Pitch in for your chance to have a cup of joe with Joe:
President Obama is visiting Ohio this weekcheck out highlights from the VPs trip to the Mahoning Valley last month:
Light a fire under these guys & tell them we will not settle in education. We will not trade off education for other priorities.VP at NEA
VP at NEA, on Romney: I can't think of a candidate for president whos ever made such a direct assault on such an honorable profession.
You chose to be teachers because you know every child is entitled to do as well as they can.VP Biden to educators at the NEA convention
Ladies and gentlemen, my name's Joe Biden and I'm in love with a teacher.VP Biden speaking at the NEA convention today
The VP dropped in on the Sisters of Mount St. Francis in Dubuque last week to catch up and share cookies and ice
VP Biden was on the road talking to Iowans last weekcheck out his speech in Dubuque:
Every little bit helps: Pitch in $5 to Obama2012 before tonights big fundraising deadline.
if you agree the U.S. doesnt need an
On the road in
A moment in the Oval Office:
Help prove that a grassroots movement can still win an electionpitch in $5 now:
From taking care of their kids to accessing preventive care, watch Americans talk about what the ACA means to them:
BarackObama: See how President Obamas health care law helps you and your family: ACA
VP: Todays decision is a really big important deal. Find out what it means for you: VP
President Obama: 'Todays decision was a victory for people all across this country whose lives will be more secure.'
Great to be back in Iowa this weekthanks to old friends and new ones for the warm welcome. Joe
: Backdrop of the Mighty Mississippi to kickoff Day of BidenIA.
All smiles in Manchester,
We'll never be able to outsource our way to greatness. The greatness of this nation is the grit and determination of all of you.VP Biden
Dont listen to any economist who tries to define the middle class for you as a number The middle class is a way of life.VP Biden
VP: Over the last two years, [John] Deere has added jobsalmost all of them good, union manufacturing jobs. BidenInIA
FACT: Iowa has created nearly additional manufacturing jobs and a growing renewable energy sector under President Obama.
Give Mitt Romney credit: He is a job creator. In Singapore. And China. And India.VP Biden in Waterloo, Iowa today
FACT: Under President Obama, Iowas economy has experienced record farm incomes and exports.
: Whaddya mean you haven't RSVP'd to see JoeBiden in Waterloo tomorrow? Better hurry, today's the last day:
The VP kicks off the Strengthening the Middle Class bus tour in Iowa tomorrowbe sure to follow for the latest.
Be sure to follow the Joe Biden on the road Pinterest board for updates from the campaign trail: Obama2012
A favorite Joe
President Obamas creating jobs right here in the U.S.; Romney would ship them overseas:
President Obamas student loan reform freed up more than $60 billion to make college more affordable and reduce the deficit. progress
DemConvention: VPOTUS JoeBiden: Let me know youll be a part of our convention. DNC2012
The VP on the importance of a good educationRT if you
VP: Check out our new PSA on dating violence, featuring the President, VP, & sports leaders because is2many --
TruthTeam2012: If you agree with JoeBiden on what being in the middle class means, RT
'At the end of the day, it's about sitting down with your kid and being able to say, 'it's going to be okay.''VP Biden at NABJ2012
VP Biden surprised a recent college grad with a phone call yesterday:
VP Biden: To me, being middle class is not a number; it's a way of life, it's a value set. It's about a minimum standard of living.
The President says we can't build this economy from the top down, but from the middle outthat's what this is about.VP Biden
VP Biden to AFSCME members today: You provide the ability of people to live a decent, middle-class life. We owe you.
Every single day in my classroom, I see the power of education to break down barriers & instill confidence.Dr. Biden
Mitt Romney traveled through the Buckeye State this weekendsee what some Ohioans had to say about his visit:
VP: For so many Americans, including myself, the debt we all owe to our firefighters and police officers is personal.
Watch why teachers all over the country are doing everything they can to get President Obama re-elected in November:
Dr. Biden knows our students deserve a President whos committed to their educationjoin her as an Educator for Obama:
The VPs pledge to those who keep us
Agree % with the President: We cant afford to jeopardize our future by repeating the mistakes of the past. Joe
The President said it well: We have a plan to give everyone a fair shot. They dont. Joe
American voters, the President was right. The only way to break the stalemate in Washington is you. Joe
The President made it clear: The only way we believe we can build an economy that lasts is through a middle class that prospers. Joe
The President laid out starkly the choice in this electionbetween Gov. Romney and the GOP vision and ours. Great speech. Joe
Well be live-tweeting the Presidents remarks on Obama2012follow along for the latest.
Dont forget to watch the President speak on building an economy that works for everyone at :45pm ET:
The President is speaking on economic fairness tomorrow at :45pm ET. RSVP to watch live:
We asked people to share how teachers and first responders have impacted their livesand the responses poured in:
The VP meets with supporters after speaking at a fire station in Flint, Michigan in
Romney Economics means fewer teachers, fewer firefighters, and fewer police officers:
The Presidents plan to put cops and firefighters back to work would protect our nations most basic obligation to keep our citizens safe.
The Romney campaign doubled down on its pledge to cut jobs for teachers, firefighters, and police officers yesterday:
Cutting jobs for teachers, firefighters, and police officers wont grow the economybut thats Mitt Romneys plan:
The Presidents jobs plan would put folks back to work right awaytell Congress we cant wait:
The choice for the middle class is clearRomney would cut jobs for teachers and first responders; the President would put them back to work.
While Romneys policies are the same ones that led us into the economic crisis, the President is fighting to get folks back on the job.
Photo of the day: VP Biden dancing with his daughter Ashley at her wedding on Saturday.
The VP enjoyed some frozen custard with locals in downtown Winston-Salem yesterday:
The VP and the CFPB are helping every college student get the right info on how to pay for their education:
It's going to empower students and families to be back in the driver's seat.VP Biden on new college financial aid tools
VP Biden on the manufacturing jobs created in the past two years:
Massachusetts was th out of states in job creation with Mitt Romney at the
Weigh in with what youd like to see on the CFPBs Know Before You Owe college financial aid shopping sheet:
Get to know the Presidents blueprint for making college more affordable:
The VP believes students should know how much a year of college will costand what types of financial aid are available to them.
VP Biden, arneduncan, and CFPBs Richard Cordray announce plans to make college more affordable:
The VP on the promises the Obama administration has kept to servicemembers and veterans:
For all the latest on Obama2012s work with vets and military families, follow Vets4Obama, BeauBiden, and JoiningForces. FF
Last December, VP Biden welcomed home sailors of the USS Gettysburg after a deployment to the Middle East:
Get the facts on President Obamas record of preserving our sacred trust with our servicemembers and veterans:
Its Baracks last campaignchip in what you can before tonights important fundraising deadline:
Read Dr. Bidens powerful account of her sons deployment to Iraq in :
As a military mom, Dr. Jill Biden knows how important it is that we provide long-term support to our veterans:
President Obama is standing up for those who servejoin Veterans and Military Families for Obama to stand with him:
From career counseling to tax credits, find out what President Obama is doing to help military families:
January : VP Biden travels with Gen. David Petraeus aboard a Chinook helicopter in
The President and First Lady recorded a special message for servicemembers to mark the launch of Vets4Obama:
Get to know Joe's son BeauBidena major in the Delaware Army National Guard, public servant, and Vets4Obama advocate:
Today we honor our nations fallen heroes who made the ultimate sacrifice for their country. We will never forget. Joe
Three years ago today, VP Biden joined President Obama as he nominated Sonia Sotomayor to the Supreme
: In Charlotte yesterday JoeBiden was greeted by 'Fired up, ready for Joe!' by an enthusiastic
Dr. Jill Biden announced a new way to honor our nations servicemembers earlier this month:
The VP fired up Obama2012 supporters in New Hampshire this week:
Lunch
More great pics from the VPs campaign trip through Ohio and Pennsylvania:
Our focus on the middle class is a reflection on the fundamental economic story of the journey of the history of this country.VP Biden
Thanks to Randy Johnson for sharing his story about the impact of Romney economicslet's fight to keep different values in the WH. Joe
Randy tells the story of how Mitt Romney's firm forced his company into bankruptcy and walked away with millions:
hramer: Vice President Joe Biden greets firefighters in Manchester,
The VPs plan for today: talking to grassroots supporters all over New Hampshire.
New photos from the VPs MadeInOhio tour last week:
aadaro: Full house of vets4obama fired up and ready to go with beaubiden
A new way to follow Joe as he crisscrosses the country for Obama2012presenting the Joe on the road Pinterest board:
'If you give them a fair shot, ordinary American people will never let the country down.VP Biden in Martins Ferry, Ohio yesterday
Blue skies and sunshine greeted Vice President Biden in Ohio this
BeauBiden: Pres BarackObama puts jobs, education & health care for veterans first. They earned it. Vets4Obama -BB
Four years ago, President Obama promised to bring back American manufacturingand he's keeping his word: MadeInOhio
VP Biden in Ohio: There are signs of life and hope in the
Its not just that manufacturings coming back. The middle class is coming back. America is coming back.VP Biden in Youngstown yesterday
Vice President Biden stopped by to say thanks to firefighters in Salem, Ohio
Join Iowa's Women2012 leaders call with Dr. Jill Biden tonight to discuss whats at stake this November:
In Ohio, in jobs relate to the auto industrythats Ohioans whose jobs are more secure thanks to President Obama. MadeInOhio
: Volunteers are the beating heart of this campaign, and they're fired up for JoeBiden! MadeInOhio
A powerful video everyone should see:
The VPs headed to the Buckeye State today for a two-day visitstay tuned for updates from the road. MadeInOhio
Thanks to President Obamas auto industry rescue, Ohio has been on a steady road to recovery: MadeInOhio
Start getting fired up: Check out the speech the VP gave to UAW autoworkers in Toledo this March. MadeInOhio
VP Bidens swinging through the Buckeye State this weekwell be tweeting about his trip with the hashtag MadeInOhio
In , VP Biden helped secure $1 billion in grants to hire and rehire police officers around the country:
In February, VP Biden praised a new public safety broadband network that will keep firefighters, cops, and EMTs safer:
The VPs welcoming some TopCops to the White House tomorrow as part of his long-standing commitment to our nations first responders.
VP Biden made a cameo on Jeopardy last night:
Two years ago today: Elena Kagan poses with the VP and President Obama on the day shes nominated to the Supreme
The newest Obama2012 ad is a look at the progress we've made these last few years:
VP: The Senate lost a brilliant strategic mind, a man with absolute integrity. He will be missed. -VP on senatorlugar
Dr. Jill Biden encouraged graduates from BrowardCollege to lift up others at their commencement last Friday:
In case you could use a cup of Joe in your day:
Lets get this President the second term he deserves. Joe
Its great to see people so fired up at the Presidents rallies todayI'm ready to go for the next six months, hope you are too. Joe
Attending one of the rallies in person or taking part online? Tweet your thoughts and photos with the hashtag Obama2012
Lets get this show on the road: Tune in to at :45pm ET for the first Obama2012 campaign rally of the year.
Learn more about the VPs efforts to combat teen dating violence: is2Many
VP Biden talked to the YWCAUSA today about the importance of reauthorizing the VAWA:
VP Biden hosted a Cinco de Mayo breakfast this weekkeep the celebration going by following . FF
Get in on the Obama2012 rally action this Saturday from homeyour note or photo could be featured on the livestream:
The Obama-Biden campaign kicks into high gear with a rally in Columbus tomorrowwatch live at :30pm ET:
VP: PHOTO: VP Biden celebrates Cinco de Mayo a few days early at a breakfast at the Naval Observatory, /2/
VP: PHOTO: VP Biden tours the archives of LafCol where his great-grandfather and great uncles
VP Biden spoke at LafCol in Pennsylvania last nightthe same school his great-grandfather attended:
Take a look back through Joes career with these photos (via TPM):
Dr. Biden spoke in Kansas City, Missouri about the role community colleges play in developing a st century workforce:
The VP spoke to LaRedHispana about how President Obamas policies are benefiting Latinos:
Joe fans: Be sure to bookmark the new VP Biden page on the Obama2012 website for updates from the campaign trail:
A favorite Joe photo: The President and VP walking together at a Chrysler plant in
Theres still time to get in on the Obama2012 Voter Registration Weekend of Actionfind an event near you:
Recap the VP's trip to Chile and Costa Rica and read the op-ed he wrote for Latin American newspapers:
In March, the VP traveled to Mexico and Honduras to talk economic and security issues:
VP Biden led the U.S. delegation to South Africa for the World Cupget his take on the experience:
VP national security speech week: Biden hails the successful 'reset' of U.S.-Russia relations in .
The VP gave a speech on national security yesterday at NYUwatch his full remarks:
The Violence Against Women Act is as important today as its ever been.VPOTUS urging the House to pass VAWA after the Senate vote today
VP: Theres no country better positioned to lead the world in the st century than the U.S., but only if we stay on the course were on.
VP Biden: To the extent Governor Romney has shown any foreign policy vision, it is through the glass of a rearview mirror.
VPOTUS: Gov. Romney reflexively criticizes the Presidents policies, and almost in every case without offering any specific alternative.
We made the G-20 a new forum for international economic coordination, recognizing the reality of the st century.Vice President Biden
VPOTUS: Weve taken more terrorists off the battlefield in the last years than in the previous , putting al-Qaeda on a path to defeat.
Vice President Biden: Gov. Romneys foreign and security policy would return us to the past we have worked so hard to move beyond.
. JoeBiden on President Obama: He set in motion a policy that ended the war in Iraq responsibly.
The live stream of VP Bidens foreign policy speech kicks off at :30am ETwatch at
Tune in to tomorrow at :30am ETwell be streaming VP Bidens national security speech from NYU.
Theres an Obama2012 weekend of action coming up, and Joe wants you to get involvedsee whats going on in your town:
Photo gallery: The Vice President explores Turkey during a December trip.
VP national security speech week: In December, the VP marked the end of combat operations in Iraq.
The VP spoke about the importance of building a sovereign, stable Afghanistan in January :
Watch highlights from the VPs trip to Asia, including a visit with Japanese earthquake survivors:
Read Vice President Bidens op-ed on the benefits of a strong U.S.-China relationship:
VP national security speech week: Check out photos from the Vice Presidents trip to China last summer.
In May , the VP reaffirmed U.S. solidarity with a unified EU in an address to the European Parliament:
During a visit to the Middle East in , the VP spoke of the close bond between the U.S. and Israel:
To tee up the VPs speech, well be spotlighting the Vice Presidents foreign policy workstay tuned for stories and photos all week long.
On Thursday, VP Biden will make a campaign stop at NYU to talk about national security.
Joe told CARandDRIVER about his passion for carsand why President Obamas auto industry rescue was the right move:
Joe spells out why organizing for Obama2012 now will make all the difference in November:
Joe Biden tells Esquiremag what hes learned so far:
A favorite photo: Joe gets barbecue with his son Beau during the Democratic National Convention in
Watch Vice President Biden make the case for reauthorizing the VAWA, which he authored as a senator:
VP: VP Biden: 'No woman should be victimized purely because someone else had more physical power or more economic power' VAWA
VP: VP today on reauthorizing VAWA: 'What are we arguing about? This shouldnt be hard.'
Granddaughter Naomi introduced me at Gen44 event last night. She said young people have to turn out the vote this yearshe's right. Joe
: Today is the national launch of become a part of it here: Latinos2012
Fired-up crowd at the Howard Theatre this evening. Thanks for coming out, guys. Joe
Favorite Joe photos, vol.
Expecting a great crowd at the Gen44 event tonightlooking forward to seeing you all there. Joe
As the Senate nears a vote on the BuffettRule, tweet your senators and ask them to support it:
In America, were not supposed to have a system that's rigged.Vice President Biden on the common-sense BuffettRule
Today in favorite Joe photos: The VP reacts to a joke during a Motown tribute concert at the White House this
The Vice President sat down for a chat with edshows Ed Schultz yesterday:
While Romney stalls on releasing his tax returns, take a look back at years of the President and VPs taxes:
Photo of the day: VP Biden greets a little Granite Stater during a campaign
Join Vice President Biden and special guests for a Gen44 event in D.C. on April th:
Karen in NH: Its about time the tax code was refurbished so it not only benefits the wealthy but helps everybody.'
Here's the full video of VP Biden's speech on the BuffettRule in New Hampshire this morning:
The Vice President made the case for economic fairness and a strong middle class in New Hampshire
Obama2012: 'The President and I believe in a fair shot and a fair shake.'VP JoeBiden BuffettRule
The Vice President's speech will be live-tweeted on Obama2012.
Watch Vice President Bidens speech live: BuffettRule
The Vice President is speaking about the BuffettRule in Exeter, New Hampshire at :15pm ETtune in here:
Compare your tax rate to Mitt Romney's: BuffettRule
: Exeter gets ready for JoeBidens BuffettRule speech here tomorrow:
High
Heads up: We'll be livestreaming the Vice President's New Hampshire speech on the BuffettRule tomorrow. Watch this space for details.
BarackObama: The Republican primary is all but over, and this race is on. Are you ready?
Congress is scheduled to vote on the Buffett Rule next week. Why do you support a fairer tax system?
Joe: 'We're not only fighting to keep jobs in this country, we're fighting to bring jobs back to this country.'
The VP will be speaking in NH on Thursday about the BuffettRule. Here's what you need to know about it:
Favorite Joe photos, volume
During a recent campaign stop in Ohio, VP Biden took an unexpected phone call.
Im for the Buffett Rule because it just makes sense. Like the President saysits not class warfare. Its math. -Joe
In NH on /12, the Vice President will give his take on why millionaires shouldnt pay a lower tax rate than middle class families do.
News for you this morning: VP Biden will speak in Exeter, NH on /12 on tax fairness and the Presidents support for the BuffettRule.
Campaign staff will run this account to keep you up to date on what the VP's up to, but you'll see occasional tweets from Joe himself, too.
We're excited to announce that JoeBiden is being rebooted for the campaign season to give you news of the Vice President on the trail.
