Today we express our deepest gratitude to all those who have served in our armed forces.
Busy day planned in New York. Will soon be making some very important decisions on the people who will be running our government!
Love the fact that the small groups of protesters last night have passion for our great country. We will all come together and be proud!
Just had a very open and successful presidential election. Now professional protesters, incited by the media, are protesting. Very unfair!
A fantastic day in D.C. Met with President Obama for first time. Really good meeting, great chemistry. Melania liked Mrs. O a lot!
Happy st birthday to the U.S. Marine Corps! Thank you for your service!!
Such a beautiful and important evening! The forgotten man and woman will never be forgotten again. We will all come together as never before
Watching the returns at :45pm.
: Such a surreal moment to vote for my father for President of the United States! Make your voice heard and vote!
: Join my family in this incredible movement to !! Now it is up to you! Please for America! https:_
: FINAL PUSH! Eric and I doing dozens of radio interviews. We can win this thing! GET OUT AND VOTE! ht_
Still time to !
Dont let up, keep getting out to vote - this election is FAR FROM OVER! We are doing well but there is much time left. GO FLORIDA!
Just out according to : "Utah officials report voting machine problems across entire country"
I will be watching the election results from Trump Tower in Manhattan with my family and friends. Very exciting!

We need your vote. Go to the POLLS! Lets continue this MOVEMENT! Find your poll location:
VOTE TODAY! Go to to find your polling location. We are going to Make America Great Again!_
TODAY WE MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Today we are going to win the great state of MICHIGAN and we are going to WIN back the White House! Thank you MI!_
: Sean Hannity: If Hillary wins, you own it
: Thanks New Hampshire!!!
: . in Michigan: This is your movement
Unbelievable evening in New Hampshire - THANK YOU! Flying to Grand Rapids, Michigan now.Watch NH rally here:_
Big news to share in New Hampshire tonight! Polls looking great! See you soon.
Today in Florida, I pledged to stand with the people of Cuba and Venezuela in their fight against oppression- cont:
Thank you Pennsylvania! Going to New Hampshire now and on to Michigan. Watch PA rally here:
LIVE on : Join me for a few minutes in Pennsylvania. Get out &amp; VOTE tomorrow. LETS !!
Hey Missouri lets defeat Crooked Hillary &amp; ! Koster supports Obamacare &amp; amnesty! Vote outsider Navy SEAL !
America must decide between failed policies or fresh perspective, a corrupt system or an outsider
What I Like About Trump ... and Why You Need to Vote for Him
Why Trump
I love you North Carolina- thank you for your amazing support! Get out and tomorrow!Watch:_
On my way!
Just landed in North Carolina- heading to the J.S. Dorton Arena. See you all soon! Lets !
Starting tomorrow its going to be ! Thank you for a great morning Sarasota, Florida!Watch here:_
Thank you for you support Virginia! In ONE DAY - get out and ! :
Thank you Pennsylvania- I am forever grateful for your amazing support. Lets MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you Michigan! This is a MOVEMENT that will never be seen again- its our last chance to ! Watch_
Our American comeback story begins /8/16. Together, we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT again for everyone! Watch:_
Thank you Minnesota! It is time to &amp; !- watch:
MONDAY - /7/2016Scranton, Pennsylvania at :30pm. Rapids, Michigan at pm._
Thank you Iowa - Get out &amp; !
: Thank you New Hampshire! __
Van Jones: There Is A Crack in the Blue Wall It Has to Do With Trade:
Great night in Denver, Colorado- thank you! Together, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! watch rally here:_
: Join LIVE in Denver, Colorado via his page- we are here!!://t.c_
Thank you Reno, Nevada.NOTHING will stop us in our quest to MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!
Join me live in Reno, Nevada!
JOIN ME TOMORROW!MINNESOTA pm pm :30p_
!
Top Clinton Aides Bemoan Campaign All Tactics, No Vision:
Must Act Immediately: Clinton Charity Lawyer Told Execs They Were Breaking The Law
Watch Coach Mike Ditka- a great guy and supporter tonight at pmE on with .
Thank you Wilmington, North Carolina. We are days away from the CHANGE youve been waiting for your entire life!_
Thank you for the incredible support this morning Tampa, Florida! - watch here:
Join me in Denver, Colorado tonight at :30pm: Scranton, Pennsylvania Monday :30pm:
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you Hershey, Pennsylvania. Get out &amp; VOTE on November th &amp; we will ! , watch here_
Join me in Denver, Colorado tomorrow at :30pm!Tickets:
Join me live in Hershey, Pennsylvania!:
The only thing that can stop this corrupt machine is YOU. The only force strong enough to save our country is US._
Thank you Ohio! VOTE so we can replace Obamacare and save healthcare for every family in the United States! Watch:_
Join me live in Wilmington, Ohio!
If Obama worked as hard on straightening out our country as he has trying to protect and elect Hillary, we would all be much better off!
ICE OFFICERS WARN HILLARY IMMIGRATION PLAN WILL UNLEASH GANGS, CARTELS &amp; DRUG VIOLENCE NATIONWIDE_
Thank you NH! We will end illegal immigration, stop the drugs, deport all criminal aliens&ampave American lives! Watc_
Clinton Aides: Definitely Not Releasing Some HRC Emails:
: Mrs. Sauciers son is in prison for having classified info on an unsecured device. did FAR WORSE &amp; is runnin_
"The Clinton Campaign at Obama Justice" ://
Join me today in Wilmington, Ohio at pm: Tampa, Florida at am:
There is no challenge too great, no dream outside of our reach! Thank you Selma, North Carolina!, watch here_
: . confirms FBI found emails on computer, related to Hillary Clinton server, that are "new" &amp; not p_
Join me in Wilmington, Ohio tomorrow at :00pm! It is time to ! Tickets:
is unfit to serve.
Thank you Concord, North Carolina! When WE win on November th, we are going to Washington, D.C. and we are going t_
Watching my beautiful wife, Melania, speak about our love of country and family. We will make you all very proud._
Looking at Air Force One MIA. Why is he campaigning instead of creating jobs &amp; fixing Obamacare? Get back to work for the American people!
ObamaCare is a total disaster. Hillary Clinton wants to save it by making it even more expensive. Doesnt work, I will REPEAL AND REPLACE!
My wife, Melania, will be speaking in Pennsylvania this afternoon. So exciting, big crowds! I will be watching from North Carolina.
Thank you Arlene! We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! ://
: Thanks for coming to help win Michigan! More people here than a Hillary rally with less than hours notice_

Thank you Orlando, Florida! We are just six days away from delivering justice for every forgotten man, woman and ch_
After decades of lies and scandal, Crooked Hillarys corruption is closing in. !
Clinton camp fumed when surrogate told supporters Clinton planned to betray labor on TPP post-election:
"It pays to have friends in high places- like the Justice Department. Clearly the Clintons do."!
Thank you Miami! In days, we are going to WIN the GREAT STATE of FLORIDA - and we are going to win back the White_
Praying for the families of the two Iowa police who were ambushed this morning. An attack on those who keep us safe is an attack on us all.
": Evangelical women live at "
": grand daughter " So nice, thank you Cissy Graham Lynch!!!!
Crooked Hillary Clinton deleted e-mails AFTER they were subpoenaed by the United States Congress. Guilty - cannot run. Rigged system!
I am going to repeal and replace ObamaCare. We will have MUCH less expensive and MUCH better healthcare. With Hillary, costs will triple!
You can change your vote in six states. So, now that you see that Hillary was a big mistake, change your vote to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Join me in Florida tomorrow!MIAMI12pm
Thank you for your incredible support Wisconsin and Governor ! It is time to &amp; !_
: Join LIVE in Wisconsin with Gov. , , &amp; Coach Bobby Knight! LIVE: https:_
WikiLeaks emails reveal Podesta urging Clinton camp to dump emails.Time to !
Podesta urged Clinton team to hand over emails after use of private server emerged
Mika Brzezinski: Dem Criticism of Comey Reinforcing Idea Theres Something There
Hillary Advisers Wanted Her To Avoid Supporting Israel When Talking To Democrats:
Trump promises special session to repeal Obamacare:
Kept me out of jail: Top DOJ official involved in Clinton probe represented her campaign chairman:
. is a very good man. Help him win his congressional seat in California.
: Governor and I were in Valley Forge, Pennsylvania today. You can watch it here:_
So terrible that Crooked didnt report she got the debate questions from Donna Brazile, if that were me it would have been front page news!
JOIN ME TOMORROW IN FLORIDA!MIAMI12pm
Crooked Hillary should not be allowed to run for president. She deleted e-mails AFTER getting a subpoena from U.S. Congress. RIGGED!
Wow, now leading in / Poll to . Gone up points in two weeks, mostly before the Crooked Hillary blow-up!
Look at the way Crooked Hillary is handling the e-mail case and the total mess she is in. She is unfit to be president. Bad judgement!
Wow! I hear you Warren, Michigan. Streaming live - join us America. It is time to DRAIN THE SWAMP!Watch:

Thank you Grand Rapids, Michigan! - watch:
$25 Million+ raised online in just one week! RECORD WEEK. Today we set a bigger record. Contribute &gt;
Legendary basketball coach Bobby Knight who has + wins, many championships and a gold medal will be introducing_
Hillarys Two Official Favors To Morocco Resulted In $28 Million For Clinton Foundation ://
Join me tomorrow in Michigan!Grand Rapids at pm: at pm:
Beautiful rally in Albuquerque, New Mexico this evening - thank you. Get out &amp; VOTE! rally:_
": I follow Mr.Trump at all of his rallies by watching them on . He is a lion-hearted warrior, who inspires hope
Thank you Greeley, CO! REAL change means restoring honesty to the govt. Our plan will END govt. corruption! Watch:_
Thank you Las Vegas, Nevada- I love you! Departing for Greeley, Colorado now. Get out &amp; VOTE! - watch here:_
See you tomorrow Michigan!Grand Rapids, MI tomorrow at noon:, MI tomorrow at pm:_
Wow, Twitter, Google and Facebook are burying the FBI criminal investigation of Clinton. Very dishonest media!
Hillary and the Dems loved and praised FBI Director Comey just a few days ago. Original evidence was overwhelming, should not have delayed!
We are now leading in many polls, and many of these were taken before the criminal investigation announcement on Friday - great in states!
Great day in Colorado &amp; Arizona. Will be in Nevada, Colorado and New Mexico tomorrow - join me!Tickets:_
THANK YOU Phoenix, Arizona! Time for new POWERFUL leadership. Just imagine what WE can accomplish in our first _
So nice - great Americans outside Trump Tower right now. Thank you!
Departing Golden, CO. for Arizona now - after an unbelievable rally. Watch here: :

Tomorrow!Las Vegas, NV- a: , CO- p: , NM- p:
": "In my mind, is the only way out of this mess." - of TVs " Thank you Phil!
I am in Colorado - big day planned - but nothing can be as big as yesterday!
Join me in Colorado at pm tomorrow - or Arizona at pm!TICKETS:Golden:
Thank you Maine, New Hampshire and Iowa. The waiting is OVER! The time for change is NOW! We are going to_
": BOMBSHELL: FBI reopening its investigation into HillaryClintons email server after new discovery!
Just landed in Iowa - speaking soon!
We must not let take her CRIMINAL SCHEME into the Oval Office.
Just out: Neera Tanden, Hillary Clinton adviser said, Israel is depressing. I think Israel is inspiring!
: WSJ: The Cold Clinton Reality...
Heading to New Hampshire. Will be talking about the disaster known as ObamaCare!
If my people said the things about me that Podesta &amp; Hillarys people said about her, I would fire them out of self respect. "Bad instincts"
Join me tonight in Cedar Rapids, Iowa at pm: , Arizona tomorrow night at pm:
": FBI must be outraged that their hands r tied she has no regard or t secret service, FBI, or (Dallas)police"
: WSJ: Grifters-in-Chief...
Thank you Geneva, Ohio.If I am elected President, I am going to keep RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISTS OUT of our countr_
Join on Facebook &amp; watch tonights rally from Geneva, Ohio- our rd rally of the day.
Crooked Hillary launched her political career by letting terrorists off the hook.
": People in Arizona just got a taste of Obamacare with a % increase in premiums. " Repeal and replace!
I will be interviewed on tonight at :00 P.M. Enjoy!
I delivered a speech in Charlotte, North Carolina yesterday. I appreciate all of the feedback &amp; support. Lets
Join me live in Toledo, Ohio. Time to &amp; !
Join me in Cedar Rapids, Iowa tomorrow at :00pm! ://
: I agree- To all Americans, I see you &amp; I hear you. I am your voice. Vote to with me on /8._
Thank you Springfield, Ohio. Get out and ! - watch here:
Join me live in Springfield, Ohio!
Inside Bill Clinton Inc.: Hacked memo reveals intersection of charity and personal income. !
JOIN ME! ringfield, OHToledo, OHGeneva, OHFRIDAY:Manchester, NHLisbon, MECedar Rapids, IA
I agree, - To all Americans, I see you &amp; I hear you. I am your voice. Vote to w/ me on /8.
"Clinton Foundations Fundraisers Pressed Donors to Steer Business to Former President"
Ron Fournier: "Clinton Used Secret Server To Protect ://
WikiLeaks Drip-Drop Releases Prove One Thing: Theres No Nov. Deadline on Clintons Dishonesty and Scandals
A lot of call-ins about vote flipping at the voting booths in Texas. People are not happy. BIG lines. What is going on?
Obamacare is a disaster. We must REPEAL &amp; REPLACE. Tired of the lies, and want to ? Get out &amp; VOTE_
: Tune into right now to catch a great interview with my father &amp; the entire family! __
Beautiful evening in Kinston, North Carolina - thank you! Get out and VOTE!! You can watch tonights rally here:_
Thank you Charlotte, North Carolina. Great afternoon! - I delivered a speech on urban renewal. Full speech:_
Hillary said she was under sniper fire (while surrounded by USSS.) Turned out to be a total lie. She is not fit to_
JOIN ME IN OHIO TOMORROW!Springfield-1pm:
REPEAL AND REPLACE OBAMACARE!
Thank you Tallahassee, Florida! A beautiful evening with the MOVEMENT! Get out &amp; VOTE!- watch here:
Thank you Sanford, Florida. Get out &amp; VOTE ! - watch this afternoons rally here:_
REPEAL AND REPLACE!!!
I have met &amp; spent a lot of time with families The Remembrance Project. I will fight for them everyday!_
Get your ballots in Colorado - I will see you soon -- and we will win!
Obama Warned Of Rigged Elections In . Time to ://
Obamacare is a disaster. Rates going through the sky - ready to explode. I will fix it. Hillary cant!
Truly honored to receive the first ever presidential endorsement from the Bay of Pigs Veterans Association.
Obamacare is a disaster - as Ive been saying from the beginning. Time to repeal &amp; replace!

Obamacare is a disaster! Time to repeal &amp; replace! ://


Get out and vote! I am your voice and I will fight for you! We will make America great again!
Key Obamacare premiums to jump % next year:
premiums are about to SKYROCKET --- again. Crooked H will only make it worse. We will repeal &amp; replace!
As election looms, some bad news for Clinton, Democrats:
Record crowd in Tampa, Florida- thank you! We will WIN FLORIDA, in Washington D.C. and MAKE AMERICA_
Thank you Bobby Bowden for the intro tonight and your support! I hope I can do as well for Florida as you have done!
My contract with the American voter will restore honesty, accountability &amp; CHANGE to Washington!
Peter Navarro: Trump the Bull vs. Clinton the Bear ://
Democratic operative caught on camera: Hillary PERSONALLY ordered Donald Duck troll campaign that broke the law
Join me tomorrow in Sanford or Tallahassee, Florida!Sanford at pm: at pm:
THANK YOU St. Augustine, Florida! Get out and VOTE! Join the MOVEMENT - and lets ! Off to Tampa now!_
Join me LIVE on my Facebook page in St. Augustine, Florida! Lets &amp; MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!_
Honored to receive an endorsement from - thank you! Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT AG_
Hillary Clinton Had Gun Control Supporters Planted In Town Hall Audience
Leaving West Palm Beach, Florida now - heading to St. Augustine for a pm rally. Will be in Tampa at pm - join me:_
The Clinton Foundations Most Questionable Foreign Donations ://
Departing Farmers Round Table in Boynton Beach, Florida. Get out &amp; VOTE- lets !EARLY VOTING BY FL. COUNTY:_
Get out to VOTE on /8/2016- and we will !RASMUSSEN NATIONALTrump %Clinton %
We are winning and the press is refusing to report it. Dont let them fool you- get out and vote! on November th!
Why has nobody asked Kaine about the horrible views emanated on WikiLeaks about Catholics? Media in the tank for Clinton but Trump will win!
Major story that the Dems are making up phony polls in order to suppress the the Trump . We are going to WIN!
Wow, just came out on secret tape that Crooked Hillary wants to take in as many Syrians as possible. We cannot let this happen - ISIS!
Clinton Ally Aided Campaign of FBI Officials Wife
Clinton Charity Got Up To $56 Million From Nations That Are Anti-Women, Gays ://
Thank you Naples, Florida! Get out and VOTE on /8.Lets !Full Naples rally_
The attack on Mosul is turning out to be a total disaster. We gave them months of notice. U.S. is looking so dumb. VOTE TRUMP and WIN AGAIN!

Join me in Naples, Florida this evening at :00pm! Tickets:
Remember - get out on November th &amp; VOTE . It is time to -- this is our last chance!
Former Prosecutor: The Clintons Are So Corrupt, Everything They Touch Turns To Molten Lead
Thank you Las Vegas Review Journal!EDITORIAL: Donald Trump for president via
Well, Iran has done it again. Taken two of our people and asking for a fortune for their release. This doesnt happen if Im president!
"If you cant run your own house you certainly cant run the White House" A statement made by Mrs. Obama about Crooked Hillary Clinton
Thank you for the massive turnout tonight- Cleveland, Ohio! Get out &amp; VOTE on /8.Watch rally here:_
WikiLeaks: Clinton-Kaine Even Lied About Timing of Veep Pick
Trump lays out policies for first days in White House
Huma Abedin told Clinton her secret email account caused problems
Just arrived in Cleveland, Ohio- join Governor and I now, LIVE via:
Hillary Clinton: Architect of failure ://
Unbelievable crowd of supporters in Virginia Beach, Virginia. Thank you! Next stop - Cleveland, Ohio._
In order to &amp; create a new GOVERNMENT of, by, &amp; for the PEOPLE, I need your VOTE! Go to LETS !
Today I introduced my Contract with the American Voter - our economy will be STRONG &amp; our people will be SAFE._
Change has to come from outside our very broken system.
Crooked Hillary Clinton Tops Middle East Forums Islamist Money List
Thank you Gettysburg, Pennsylvania!
Landing in Pennsylvania now. Great new poll this morning, thank you. Lets and
Will be in Cleveland, Ohio w/ tonight- join us: , Florida-tomorrow pm:
": I for DonaldTrump! "
": Best way to pay Hillary back for what she did to is a DonaldTrump LANDSLIDE "
The media refuses to talk about the three new national polls that have me in first place. Biggest crowds ever - watch what happens!
Just returned from Pennsylvania where we will be bringing back their jobs. Amazing crowd. Will be going back tomorrow, to Gettysburg!
Governor and I will be in Cleveland, Ohio tomorrow night at pm - join us! :_
Thank you to the great crowd of supporters in Newtown, Pennsylvania. Get out &amp; VOTE on /8/16. Lets ! Watch:_
sending U.S. intelligence info. to Podestas hacked email is unquestionably an OPSEC violation
WikiLeaks reveals Clinton camps work with VERY friendly and malleable reporters ://
Donna Brazile Shreds Obama Economy - Acting DNC chair says people are more in despair about how things are
"{Crooked Hillary Clinton} created this mess, and she knows it."
Clinton Campaign And Harry Reid Worked With New York Times To Smear State Dept WatchdogTime to !
VERY IRONIC: "In video, Clinton lectured underlings on cybersecurity and guarding sensitive information"
Great crowd in Johnstown, Pennsylvania- thank you. Get out &amp; VOTE on /8! Watch the MOVEMENT in PA. this afternoon_
A top Clinton Foundation official said he could name different examples of conflicts of interest.
was at center of negotiating $12M commitment from King Mohammed VI of Morocco to Clinton Fdn.
Great crowd in Fletcher, North Carolina- thank you! Heading to Johnstown, Pennsylvania now! Get out on November th_
The results are in on the final debate and it is almost unanimous, I WON! Thank you, these are very exciting times.
Huma calls it a "MESS," the rest of us call it CORRUPT! WikiLeaks catches Crooked in the act - again.
Hillary &amp; Obamas Broken Promises.
In addition to those without health coverage- those that have disastrous are seeing MASSIVE PREMIUM INCR_
: On behalf of the entire family, we would truly be honored to have your vote! Lets https:/_
: When Obama took office in employer-provided premiums cost $13,375. Today they are $18,142. Thanks, Obama.
Crooked Hillary promised k jobs in NY and FAILED. Well create M jobs when Im president, and I will DELIVER!
Crooked took MILLIONS from oppressive ME countries. Will she give the $$$ back? Probably not. Dont forget her slog_
Trump won the third debate
UPCOMING RALLIES - JOIN ME!TOMORROWFletcher, NC pm., OH pm.
- OHIO RALLY!Watch here:
Want access to Crooked Hillary? Dont forget - its going to cost you!
Thank you Delaware County, Ohio! Remember- either we WIN this election, or we are going to LOSE this country!_
If elected POTUS - I will stop RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM in this country! In order to do this, we need to_
Why didnt Hillary Clinton announce that she was inappropriately given the debate questions - she secretly used them! Crooked Hillary.
Thank you America! National PollDonald Trump %Hillary Clinton %
Just landed in Ohio. Thank you America- I am honored to win the final debate for our MOVEMENT. It is time to_
Totally dishonest Donna Brazile chokes on the truth. Highly illegal!Watch:
The Washington Times Presidential Debate Poll:TRUMP % (18,290)CLINTON % (4,100)
Join the MOVEMENT to !
Great poll - thank you America! Once we , together we will
That was really exciting. Made all of my points. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Join my team over on my Facebook page- live now! ://
The era of division is coming to an end. We will create a new future of . First, we need to_
We cannot take four more years of Barack Obama and thats what youll get if you vote for Hillary.
I started this campaign to Make America Great Again. Thats what Im going to do.
HILLARYS HEALTH CARE POLICIES
: . is going to cut taxes BIG LEAGUE -- Crooked is going to raise taxes BIG LEAGUE! htt_
We have to repeal &amp; replace ! Look at what is doing to people!
ISIS has infiltrated countries all over Europe by posing as refugees, and will allow it to happen h_
The economy cannot take four more years of these same failed policies.
Together we can save American JOBS, American LIVES, and AMERICAN FUTURES!
USA has the greatest business people in the world but we let political hacks negotiate our deals. We need change!
I WILL DEFEAT ISIS. THEY HAVE BEEN AROUND TOO LONG! What has our leadership been doing?
: What They Are Saying About GREAT Debate and Bad Performance htt_
After Crooked allowed ISIS to rise, she now claims shell defeat them? LAUGHABLE! Heres my plan:
: "Her instincts are suboptimal."
I opposed going into Iraq. Hillary voted for it. As with everything else shes supported, it was a DISASTER.

Bernie Sanders on HRC: Bad Judgement. John Podesta on HRC: Bad Instincts.
HILLARY FAILED ALL OVER THE WORLD. PIVOTRUSSIAN RESETBENGHAZI_
Hillary says "take back Mosul?" We would have NEVER lost Mosul- if it wasnt for .
: LIVE FACT-CHECK: Trumps RIGHT. The Clinton Foundation has taken MILLIONS from the Middle East.
You should give the money back !
Crookeds top aides were MIRED in massive conflicts of interests at the State Dept. We MUST
Crooked foundation is a CRIMINAL ENTERPRISE. Time to !
Moderator: Respectfully, you wont answer the pay-to-play question.
. loves to lie. America has had enough of the CLINTONS! It is time to ! Debates
Shell say anything and change NOTHING!
I will do more in the first days in office than Hillary has done in the last years!
Crookeds camp incited violence at my rallies. These incidents werent "spontaneous" - like she claimed in Benghazi!
is nothing more than a Wall Street PUPPET!
Brought to you by &amp; her campaign- in Chicago, Illinois.
: . will do more in the first days in office than Hillary has done in the last years!
Our country is stagnant. Weve lost jobs and business. We dont make things anymore b/c of the bill Hillarys husband signed and she blessed
Crooked Hillary has never created a job in her life. We will create million jobs. Think she can do that? Not a c_
. has been doing this for THIRTY YEARS....where has she been?
gives Obama an A for an economic recovery thats the slowest since WWII...
THE CHOICE IS CLEAR!
: plan will add $1.15 TRILLION in new taxes. We cannot afford her!
I will renegotiate NAFTA. If I cant make a great deal, were going to tear it up. Were going to get this economy running again.
This is what we can expect from . More Taxes. More Spending.

. tax hikes will CRUSH our economy. I will cut taxes -- BIG LEAGUE.
. talking about jobs? Remember what she promised upstate New York.
. has been a foreign policy DISASTER for the American people. I will
Moderator: Hillary plan calls for more regulation and more government spending.
.- you have failed, failed, and failed. to !
Hillary has called for % more Syrian immigrants, but wont even mention radical Islamic terrorists.
Hey - WE AGREE!
Moderator: Hillary paid $225,000 by a Brazilian bank for a speech that called for open borders. Thats a quote!
: . wants a SAFE America w/ stronger borders, no amnesty, and an END to sanctuary cities. He is !_
TRUMP &amp; CLINTON ON IMMIGRATION
Hillary is too weak to lead on border security-no solutions, no ideas, no credibility.She supported NAFTA, worst deal in US history.
Plain &amp; Simple: We should only admit into this country those who share our VALUES and RESPECT our people.
One of my first acts as President will be to deport the drug lords and then secure the border.
Hillary Clinton will use American tax dollars to provide amnesty for thousands of illegals. I will put_
Drugs are pouring into this country. If we have no border, we have no country. Thats why ICE endorsed me.
: . is PRO-LIFE, PRO-FAMILY

It is so imperative that we have the right justices.
. lists litany of ways she plans to restrict gun rights. A will not survive a Hillary presidency.
: . will PROTECT and DEFEND the Constitution
The nd Amendment is under siege. We need SCOTUS judges who will uphold the US Constitution.
Hillary Clinton wants to create the most liberal Supreme Court in history
Ready to lead. Ready to Make America Great Again.
This is an incredible MOVEMENT- WE are going to take our country BACK!
Tune in at and get the word out Help us spread the TRUTH, stop the_
I will be handing over my Twitter account to my team of deplorables for tonights
UNBELIEVABLE!Clinton campaign contractor caught in voter-fraud video is a felon who visited White House times:
Over to Lose Health Insurance in Battleground North Carolina Due to ://
Join my team tonight at :30pmE!
I will issue a lifetime ban against senior executive branch officials lobbying on behalf of a FOREIGN GOVERNMENT!_
I am going to expand the definition of LOBBYIST - so we close all the LOOPHOLES!
Obamacare premiums increasing % in Pennsylvania - a complete disaster. It must be repealed and replaced!_
Hillary Clinton Deleted Emails With Her Email Server Technician
Join me in Delaware, Ohio tomorrow at :30pm! :
Top Hillary Adviser Mocked, Plotted Attacks on Pro-Sanders Civil Rights Leader ://
Dem Operative Who Oversaw Trump Rally Agitators Visited White House Times ://
State works hard, and illegally, for Clinton
Scandals surround Clintons gatekeeper at State
The State Departments shadow government ://
More Anti-Catholic Emails From Team Clinton:
It is time to !
Food Groups Emails Show Clinton Campaign Organized Potential VPs By Race And Gender:
://
Time to in Washington, D.C. and VOTE on /8/2016. Together, we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE_
Hillary is the most corrupt person to ever run for the presidency of the United States.
Clinton Campaign Tried to Limit Damage From Classified Info on Email Server ://
Trump rally disrupter was once on Clintons payroll
: It is time to in Washington, D.C! Vote Nov. th to take down the system!
Thank you Colorado Springs. If Im elected President I am going to keep Radical Islamic Terrorists out of our count_
FL, KS, ME, MD, MN, NJ, OR &amp; WV! Its the LAST DAY to mail in voter reg forms. Get the forms at_
: Nevada: A quick reminder that today is your last day to register to vote!
Hillarys Aides Urged Her to Take Foreign Lobbyist Donation And Deal With Attacks:
If we let Crooked run the govt, history will remember as the year America lost its independence.
Pay-to-play. Collusion. Cover-ups. And now bribery? So CROOKED. I will .
I will Make Our Government Honest Again -- believe me. But first, Im going to have to in DC.
": % of American voters believe the election could be "stolen" from DonaldTrump due to widespread voter fraud. - Politico"
Great night in WI. Im going to fight for every person in this country who believes government should serve the PEO_
Donald J. Trump Ethics Reform Plan For Washington D.C.
EXCLUSIVE: FBI Agents Say Comey Stood In The Way Of Clinton Email Investigation:
Get rich quick! Crooked Hillary Clintons pay to play guide:
Yet more evidence of a media-rigged election:
My wife, Melania, will be interviewed tonight at :00pm by Anderson Cooper on . I have no doubt she will do very well. Enjoy!
I will sign the first bill to repeal and give Americans many choices and much lower rates!
Trump Virginia Office Announces Statewide TV Ad Strategy and Leadership Team:
Join me in Colorado Springs, Colorado tomorrow at :00pm! :
Crooked Hillary colluded w/FBI and DOJ and media is covering up to protect her. Its a ! Our country d_
New polls are good because the media has deceived the public by putting women front and center with made-up stories and lies, and got caught
"Journalists shower Hillary Clinton with campaign cash"
"State Department official accused of offering quid pro quo in Clinton email scandal"
: Our thoughts are with the forces fighting ISIS in Iraq. We must never back down against this extreme radical Islamic terrori_
Wow, new polls just came out from Great numbers, especially after total media hit job. Leading Ohio - .
: CORRUPTION CONFIRMED: FBI confirms State Dept. offered quid pro quo to cover up classified emails
Voter fraud! Crooked Hillary Clinton even got the questions to a debate, and nobody says a word. Can you imagine if I got the questions?
Unbelievable.
: __BREAKING__: "State Departments Kennedy pressured FBI to unclassify Clinton emails: FBI documents"
WikiLeaks proves even the Clinton campaign knew Crooked mishandled classified info, but no one gets charged? RIGGED!
We have all got to come together and win this election. We cant have four more years of Obama (or worse!).
Of course there is large scale voter fraud happening on and before election day. Why do Republican leaders deny what is going on? So naive!
": Peter Thiel chooses now to give $1.25mil in support of Trump "
": Trump accuser praised him in an email as recently as April! This is all yet another hoax. " Terrible
": Watch Joe Bidens Long History Of Grabbing, Kissing and Groping Women Who Are Cringing: "
Cant believe these totally phoney stories, % made up by women (many already proven false) and pushed big time by press, have impact!
ALL SAFE IN ORANGE COUNTY, NORTH CAROLINA. With you all the way, will never forget. Now we have to win. Proud of you all!
Animals representing Hillary Clinton and Dems in North Carolina just firebombed our office in Orange County because we are winning
Wow, interview released by Wikileakes shows "quid pro quo" in Crooked Hillary e-mail probe.Such a dishonest person - &amp; Paul Ryan does zilch!
Finally, in the new ABC News/Washington Post Poll, Hillary Clinton is down points with WOMEN VOTERS and the election is close at -43!
Paul Ryan, a man who doesnt know how to win (including failed run four years ago), must start focusing on the budget, military, vets etc.
The Democrats have a corrupt political machine pushing crooked Hillary Clinton. We have Paul Ryan, always fighting the Republican nominee!
Join me in Wisconsin tomorrow or Colorado on Tuesday!Green Bay- pm Springs- pm_
The vast majority felt she should be prosecuted..." -- even senior FBI officials thought Crooked was guilty.
The election is absolutely being rigged by the dishonest and distorted media pushing Crooked Hillary - but also at many polling places - SAD
Weve all wondered how Hillary avoided prosecution for her email scheme. Wikileaks may have found the answer. Obama!
Hillarys staff thought her email scandal might just blow over. Who would trust these people with national security?
A country that Crooked Hillary says has funded ISIS also gave Wild Bill $1 million for his birthday? SO CORRUPT!
They let Crooked &amp; the Gang off the hook for the crime, but it looks like the cover-up is just as bad. Unbelievable!
Election is being rigged by the media, in a coordinated effort with the Clinton campaign, by putting stories that never happened into news!
Polls close, but can you believe I lost large numbers of women voters based on made up events THAT NEVER HAPPENED. Media rigging election!
Watched Saturday Night Live hit job on me.Time to retire the boring and unfunny show. Alec Baldwin portrayal stinks. Media rigging election!
": Go Mr. Trump! Israel is behind you!"
Thank you for sharing Amy.
A great day in New Hampshire and Maine. Fantastic crowds and energy!
Thank you Bangor, Maine! Get out &amp; on /8/16- and together we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT A_
The failing reporters dont even call us anymore, they just write whatever they want to write, making up sources along the way!
Nothing ever happened with any of these women. Totally made up nonsense to steal the election. Nobody has more respect for women than me!
The MOVEMENT in Portsmouth, New Hampshire w/ K supporters. THANK YOU! This is the biggest election of our lifetime_
Landing in New Hampshire soon to talk about the massive drug problem there, and all over the country.
The truth is a beautiful weapon.
: Mr. Trump removing the broken teleprompter in North Carolina-in front of a massive crowd. He goes on&ampelivers the best spee_
Hillary Clinton should have been prosecuted and should be in jail. Instead she is running for president in what looks like a rigged election
Will be in Bangor, Maine today at pm- join me! :
This election is being rigged by the media pushing false and unsubstantiated charges, and outright lies, in order to elect Crooked Hillary!
% fabricated and made-up charges, pushed strongly by the media and the Clinton Campaign, may poison the minds of the American Voter. FIX!
Thank you !
Thank you Charlotte, North Carolina! We are going to have an AMAZING victory on November th...because this is all_
Make sure youre registered to vote! Lets ! We cant afford more years of FAILURE! All info:_
Thank you for your support Greensboro, North Carolina. Next stop - Charlotte! ://
WHAT THEY ARE SAYING ABOUT THE CLINTON CAMPAIGNS ANTI-CATHOLIC BIGOTRY:
Thank you to our U.S. Navy for protecting our country, both in times of peace &amp; war. Together, WE WILL MAKE AMERICA_
Join me live in Cincinnati, Ohio! ://
Join me in Greensboro, North Carolina tomorrow at :00pm! ://
: "This is a crossroads in the history of our civilization that will determine whether or not We The People reclaim control ov_
Dem Gov. of MN. just announced that the Affordable Care Act (Obamacare) is no longer affordable. Ive been saying this for years- disaster!
Great event in Columbus- taking off for Cincinnati now. Great new Ohio poll out- thank you!OHIO NBC/WSJ/MARIST POLLTrump %Clinton %
Just left a great rally in Florida - now heading to Ohio for two more. Will be there soon.
I am making a major speech in West Palm Beach, Florida at noon. Tune in!
Thank you!
Join me in Ohio &amp; Maine!Cincinnati, Ohio- tonight :30pm: , Maine - Saturday pm_
The phony story in the failing is a TOTAL FABRICATION. Written by same people as last discredited story on women. WATCH!
Why didnt the writer of the twelve year old article in People Magazine mention the "incident" in her story. Because it did not happen!
I will be in Cincinnati, Ohio tomorrow night at :30pm- join me! :_
The MOVEMENT in Lakeland, Florida. Voter registration extended to /18. REGISTER ASAP &amp;_
The people of Cuba have struggled too long. Will reverse Obamas Executive Orders and concessions towards Cuba until freedoms are restored.
PAY TO PLAY POLITICS.
Very little pick-up by the dishonest media of incredible information provided by WikiLeaks. So dishonest! Rigged system!
Crooked Hillary Clinton likes to talk about the things she will do but she has been there for years - why didnt she do them?
Thank you Florida- a MOVEMENT that has never been seen before and will never be seen again. Lets get out &amp;_
Join me Thursday in Florida &amp; Ohio!West Palm Beach, FL at noon:, OH this :30pm:
Wow, Town Hall questions were given to Crooked Hillary Clinton in advance of big debates against Bernie Sanders. Hillary &amp; CNN FRAUD!
Thank you Texas! If you havent registered to VOTE- today is your last day. Go to: &amp; get ou_
VOTER REGISTRATION DEADLINES TODAY. You can register now at: and get out to_
DONT LET HER FOOL US AGAIN.
Crookeds State Dept gave special attention to "Friends of Bill" after the Haiti Earthquake. Unbelievable!
: states have voter registration deadlines TODAY: FL, OH, PA, MI, GA, TX, NM, IN, LA, TN, AR, KY, SC.Register: https_
I hope people are looking at the disgraceful behavior of Hillary Clinton as exposed by WikiLeaks. She is unfit to run.
In Texas now, leaving soon for BIG rally in Florida!
The very foul mouthed Sen. John McCain begged for my support during his primary (I gave, he won), then dropped me over locker room remarks!
Wow. Unbelievable.
Disloyal Rs are far more difficult than Crooked Hillary. They come at you from all sides. They dont know how to win - I will teach them!
With the exception of cheating Bernie out of the nom the Dems have always proven to be far more loyal to each other than the Republicans!
It is so nice that the shackles have been taken off me and I can now fight for America the way I want to.
: states have voter registration deadlines TODAY: FL, OH, PA, MI, GA, TX, NM, IN, LA, TN, AR, KY, SC.Register:
Our very weak and ineffective leader, Paul Ryan, had a bad conference call where his members went wild at his disloyalty.
Despite winning the second debate in a landslide (every poll), it is hard to do well when Paul Ryan and others give zero support!
Thank you Pennsylvania. This is a MOVEMENT like we have never seen before! on /8/16- together,_
Is this really America? Terrible!
Wow, got caught fixing their "focus group" in order to make Crooked Hillary look better. Really pathetic and totally dishonest!
Debate polls look great - thank you!
CNN is the worst - fortunately they have bad ratings because everyone knows they are biased.
Paul Ryan should spend more time on balancing the budget, jobs and illegal immigration and not waste his time on fighting Republican nominee
Thank you for all of the great comments on the debate last night. Very exciting!
Thank you St. Louis, Missouri!://
: Congrats to my running mate on a big debate win! Proud to stand with you as we .
: RT if you agree WON the - BIG LEAGUE!
: Someone please fact check her coal comments. Give me a break.
: Its US vs. them! will fight for you!
MY PRO-GROWTH Econ Plan:Eliminate excessive regulations!Lean government!Lower taxes!
Hypocrite: is the single biggest beneficiary of Citizens United in history, by far.
: Ironic since Hillary has gotten a lot more of that "dark unaccountable money" into her campaign.
: "She calls our people deplorable and irredeemable. I will be a president for ALL of our people." -
: After a decent first debate, is back to form: pedantic, lawyerly, technocratic, (woefully untruthful) r_
Our country has the slowest growth since .
: WE LOVE OUR DEPLORABLES!!!
: How can you unite a country if youve written off tens of millions of Americans?
This country cannot take four more years of Barack Obama!
We agree -"SHELL (Hillary Clinton) SAY ANYTHING &amp; CHANGE NOTHING. ITS TIME TO TURN THE PAGE" -President Obama
If is president, shell be all talk and nothing will get done.
FACT on red line in Syria: HRC "I wasnt there." Fact: line drawn in Aug . HRC Secy of State til Feb .
In my administration, EVERY American will be treated equally, protected equally, and honored equally
: Its hard to fight terrorism when youre making cash payments to the worlds LARGEST state sponsor of TERROR. Under Trump: N_
: . had her chance and she BLEW IT.
: "We are going to be THRIVING again." -
We cannot let this evil continue!
This is the definition of ransom
: Is debating Crooked or the moderators, and ?
The world is most peaceful, and most prosperous when America is strongest.
Here are Hillary Clintons "accomplishments" at the State Department.
: wants to talk about her years in service. How about her years of FLOPSFLOPS?!
: . is RAISING your taxes to a disastrous level. is going to LOWER your taxes - BIG LEAGUE!
History lesson: Theres a big difference between Hillary Clinton and Abraham Lincoln. For one, his nickname is Hone_
Were going to cut taxes BIG LEAGUE for the middle class. Shes raising your taxes and Im lowering your taxes!
"YOU NEED BOTH A PUBLIC AND A PRIVATE POSITION"
Hypocrite! claims she needs a public and a private stance in discussions with Wall Street banks.
I hope when the MSM runs its interruption counters they consider the of times the moderators interrupted me com_
. - ITS CALLED EXTREME VETTING!
. - "WE ARE NOT IN A NARRATIVE FIGHT."
: ONLY will end what even called a CRAZY SYSTEM.
has FAILED all over the world!
: ATTN: - Why did five of your staffers need FBI IMMUNITY?!
. is NOT above the law!
: We agree with Bill, ObamaCare is the craziest thing in the world.
. : Bill clarified what he meant when calling Obamacare a disaster. Actually disaster is pretty clear.
We must repeal Obamacare and replace it with a much more competitive, comprehensive, affordable system.
Obama and Clinton told the same lie to sell .
ATTN: - Why did five of your staffers need FBI IMMUNITY?!
Hillarys deleted emails about her daughters wedding. Thats a lot of wedding emails.
Basically nothing Hillary has said about her secret server has been true.
If I win-I am going to instruct my AG to get a special prosecutor to look into your situation bc theres never been anything like your lies.
: RT if you believe is the one who owes America an apology!
Donald J. Trumps History Of Empowering Women ://
Theres never been anyone more abusive to women in politics than Bill Clinton.My words were unfortunate-the Clintons actions were far worse
: Quite simply, mistreats women. ://
Im not proud of my locker room talk. But this world has serious problems. We need serious leaders.
: . is here to talk about the REAL issues
Its this simple. Make America Great Again.
: . just claimed she has a "positive, optimistic view" for America.
My team of deplorables will be taking over my Twitter account for tonights
Join me on as I conclude my final preparations.
The Palestinian terror attack today reminds the world of the grievous perils facing Israeli citizens....continued:
Exclusive VideoBroaddrick, Willey, Jones to Bills Defenders: These Are Crimes, Terrified of Enabler Hillary
LA Times- USC Dornsife Sunday Poll: Donald Trump Retains Point Lead Over Hillary:
So many self-righteous hypocrites. Watch their poll numbers - and elections - go down!
": This Black Democrat is on the "TRUMP TRAIN"!!"
": GOP traitors! Not supporting U is voting for her, destroying America.
": politicians dont count. Its the people. We are behind trump all the way to White House."
": "Republican leadership" should have only one job: Help elect the nominee we voted for, Donald J. Trump."
": I am a woman who continues to support &amp; stand with ! " Thank you.
EXCLUSIVE Video Interview: Bill Clinton Accuser Juanita Broaddrick Relives Brutal Rapes:
Tremendous support (except for some Republican "leadership"). Thank you.
Thank you to my great supporters in Wisconsin. I heard that the crowd and enthusiasm was unreal!
: Hillary calls Trumps remarks "horrific" while she lives with and protects a "Rapist". Her actions are horrific.
: How many times must it be said? Actions speak louder than words. DT said bad things!HRC threatened me after BC raped me.
The media and establishment want me out of the race so badly - I WILL NEVER DROP OUT OF THE RACE, WILL NEVER LET MY SUPPORTERS DOWN!
Certainly has been an interesting hours!
Here is my statement.
Thoughts &amp; prayers with the millions of people in the path of Hurricane Matthew. Look out for neighbors, and listen_
": Trump speaking in exact same tone he did in Waterville Valley on /1. The night I first realized he was gonna be GOP nominee"
New National Rasmussen Poll:
Thank you Tennessee!
: Rasmussen national poll: Trump leads -41. White House Watch - Rasmussen Reports
VOTE on /8/16!
Donald Trump: A President for All Americans
Volunteer to be a Trump Election Observer. Sign up today!://
: Great group at our Victory Office in Columbus, Ohio. Im incredibly grateful to have so many_
: Thank you Angie Phillips for inviting me to tour your plant Middletown Tube Works.
Praying for everyone in Florida. Hoping the hurricane dissipates, but in any event, please be careful.
New Virginia poll- thank you! We are going to show the whole world that America is back BIGGER, and BETTER, and S_
Pennsylvania poll just released. Two rallies there on Mon- join me!Ambridge:
Nations Immigration And Customs Enforcement Officers (ICE) Make First-Ever Presidential Endorsement:
Such a great honor!
Amazing rally in Reno, Nevada- thank you. Make sure you get out on /8 &amp; VOTE . Together, we will put_
Reuters polling just out- thank you!
Thank you South Carolina! Everyone has to get out and VOTE on /8/16.
EARLY VOTING: MN &amp; IA already underway, more states coming up in the next week: OH, ME, AZ, IN check w/local officials for details &amp; VOTE!
Small business says Trump is their pick for president
Thank you for your kind remarks on the important issue of PTSD and the dishonest media. Great to be in Arizona yesterday!
Bill Clinton is right: Obamacare is crazy, doesnt work and doesnt make sense. Thanks Bill for telling the truth.
Thank you Henderson, NV. This is a MOVEMENT like never seen before! Watch some of the rally via my Facebook page:_
About to begin a rally here in Henderson, Nevada. New Reuters poll just out- thank you! Join the MOVEMENT:_
Beautiful morning- thank you !
The constant interruptions last night by Tim Kaine should not have been allowed. Mike Pence won big!
Mike Pence won big. We should all be proud of Mike!
: History teaches us that weakness arouses evil. America needs to be strong on the world stage.
: RT if you agree - &amp; are WRONG for America!
: . Abortion Flip-Flops: From Valuing The Sanctity of Life --&gt; Pro-Abortion Demagogue
": Cannot believe how often the moderator interrupts vs the other guy...so obvious " So true!
": ..Kaine is awful, Trump and Pence are the ticket..no more lies, we are ready to see America Great Again!
Clintons Top Aides Were Mired In Conflict Of Interest At The State Department:
": That is a reason to NOT Vote for Hillary Clinton. Vote for Liberty! Vote for "
. Careless Use Of A Secret Server Put National Security At Risk:
CLINTON IS WEAK ON NORTH KOREA:
: Obama-Clinton FAILED foreign policy:-Bad nuclear deal-Ransom payment to leading state sponsor of terror-Sharing classifie_
: . &amp; think youre &amp; . &amp; think youre PATR_
CLINTONS CLOSE TIES TO PUTIN DESERVE SCRUTINY:
Sanctions Relief From Clinton-Obama Iran Nuclear Deal Likely Go to Terrorists:
. is wrong for defense:
ICYMI: PENCE: I RAN A STATE THAT WORKED; KAINE RAN A STATE THAT FAILED.
. is the ANTI-DEFENSE SENATOR.
: We need STRONG, BROAD-SHOULDERED leadership like &amp; in the White House!
CLINTONS FLAILING SYRIA POLICY WAS JUDGED A FAILURE:
: In own words
. and I will defeat .
WHAT THEY ARE SAYING ABOUT MIKE PENCE DOMINATING THE DEBATE:
I agree Mike - thank you to all of our law enforcement officers! "Police officers are the best of us..."
. Sneers At Millions Of Average Americans.
: Police officers are the BEST of us. Law enforcement in this country is a force for GOOD." -
": Pence is so prepared! He did his homework to outperform Kaine."
: Law enforcement officers bring communities together &amp; keep us safe. &amp; RESPECT &amp; stand by them!_
: . wants to tough on crime - fails to talk about defending rapists and murders
. oversaw unemployment INCREASE by while DECREASED unemployment in Indiana by ._
": good!!"
": No she only gets killed - we need "
": Loving hes so likeable and sensible. Kaine is just talking bull!
": Kaine says Hillary and he have plans. She could care less what Kaine thinks."
": I want a "youre fired" president with people in Govt who are WASTING my tax $s. "
. is doing a great job - so far, no contest!
": . &amp; are PROVEN job creators and are prepared to bring JOBS BACK to the American people!
": Kaine looks like an evil crook out of the Batman movies"
": I agree. Kaine looks like a fool!!"
: . has a pay-to-play problem just like Crooked
": is so angry. Our looks great. kaine cant defend all those lies
: Theres one clear choice in this election to create jobs and grow the American economy.
: Pence is right. Clinton &amp; Obama tried to negotiate an Iraq troop extension but failed. Bush admin always anticipated such an_
": is so much more likeable than Kaine "
": Great opening Pence_"
": Wow, Kaine couldnt go seconds without a lie. Marines and military are scared of the liar running. "
.- I am in Nevada. Sorry to inform you Kellyanne is in the audience. Better luck next time.
Both are looking good! Now we begin!
Here we go - Enjoy!
I will be live-tweeting the V.P. Debate. Very exciting! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Wow, is so negative. Their panel is a joke, biased and very dumb. Im turning to where we get a fair shake! Mike will do great
Wow, did you just hear Bill Clintons statement on how bad ObamaCare is. Hillary not happy. As I have been saying, REPEAL AND REPLACE!
Join the MOVEMENT!
Thank you ARIZONA! This is a MOVEMENT like nobody has ever seen before. Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA SAFE_
My childcare plan makes a difference for working families - more money, more freedom. means_
I will be watching the great Governor and live tweeting the VP debate tonight starting at :30pm est! Enjoy!
Join me in Reno, Nevada tomorrow at :30pm! :
Join me in Reno, Nevada on Wednesday at :30pm at the Reno-Sparks Convention Center! :_
Thank you Colorado! ://
We must bring the truth directly to hard-working Americans who want to take our country back.
Thank you Pueblo, Colorado! ://
Join me in Henderson, Nevada on Wednesday at :30am! :
Just announced that Iraq (U.S.) is preparing for battle to reclaim Mosul. Why do they have to announce this? Makes mission much harder!
Melania and I extend our warmest greetings to those observing Rosh Hashanah here in the United States, in Israel, and around the world.
Bernie should pull his endorsement of Crooked Hillary after she decieved him and then attacked him and his supporters.
": . There will be MASSIVE turnout for you, Mr. Trump - These polls dont register the pulse of the PEOPLE!
I have created tens of thousands of jobs and will bring back great American prosperity. Hillary has only created jobs at the FBI and DOJ!
I know our complex tax laws better than anyone who has ever run for president and am the only one who can fix them.
Heading to Pennsylvania for a big rally tonight. We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Wow, just saw the really bad ratings. People dont want to watch bad product that only builds up Crooked Hillary.
The so-called Commission on Presidential Debates admitted to us that the DJT audio &amp; sound level was very bad. So why didnt they fix it?
I won the debate if you decide without watching the totally one-sided "spin" that followed. This despite the really bad microphone.
Crooked H is nasty to Sanders supporters behind closed doors. Owned by Wall St and Politicians, HRC is not with you.
I believe in and that means FAMILY FIRST! My childcare plan reflects the needs of modern working-clas_
Thank you Novi, Michigan! Get out and VOTE on /8. Together, WE WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!_
Thank you for your support - on my way now! See you soon.
Join me in Pueblo, Colorado on Monday afternoon at pm! ://
For those few people knocking me for tweeting at three oclock in the morning, at least you know I will be there, awake, to answer the call!
Why isnt Hillary points ahead? Maybe its the email scandal, policies that spread ISIS, or calling millions of_
The people are really smart in cancelling subscriptions to the Dallas &amp; Arizona papers &amp; now USA Today will lose readers! The people get it!
Remember, dont believe "sources said" by the VERY dishonest media. If they dont name the sources, the sources dont exist.
Did Crooked Hillary help disgusting (check out sex tape and past) Alicia M become a U.S. citizen so she could use her in the debate?
Using Alicia M in the debate as a paragon of virtue just shows that Crooked Hillary suffers from BAD JUDGEMENT! Hillary was set up by a con.
Wow, Crooked Hillary was duped and used by my worst Miss U. Hillary floated her as an "angel" without checking her past, which is terrible!
Anytime you see a story about me or my campaign saying "sources said," DO NOT believe it. There are no sources, they are just made up lies!
Wow, did you see how badly (Clinton News Network) is doing in the ratings. With people like , who could expect any more?
While Hillary profits off the rigged system, I am fighting for you! Remember the simple phrase:
Thank you for joining me this afternoon, New Hampshire! Will be back soon. transcript:_
Join me in Manheim, Pennsylvania on Saturday at pm! :
My condolences to those involved in todays horrible accident in NJ and my deepest gratitude to all of the amazing first responders.
Will be in Novi, Michigan this Friday at :00pm. Join the MOVEMENT! Tickets available at:
Join me in Bedford, New Hampshire- tomorrow at :00pm. Cant wait to see everyone!
Thank you Waukesha, Wisconsin!Full transcript of my speech, :
Joining from Waukesha, Wisconsin - now, live! Enjoy!
Join me live in Waukesha, Wisconsin for an pmE rally! ://
Thank you Council Bluffs, Iowa! Will be back soon. Remember- everything you need to know about Hillary -- just_
: "She put the office of Sec of State up for sale. If she ever got the chance, shed put the Oval Office up for sale too."
An honor to meet with the Polish American Congress in Chicago this morning! :_
Melania and I extend our deepest condolences to the family of Shimon Peres...
Join me in Council Bluffs, Iowa- today at pm! :
Every on-line poll, Time Magazine, Drudge etc., has me winning the debate. Thank you to Fox &amp; Friends for so reporting!
My supporters are the best! $18 million from hard-working people who KNOW what we can be again! Shatter the record:
Unbelievable evening in Melbourne, Florida w/ supporters- and an additional who could not get in. Tha_
Join me for a pm rally - tomorrow at the Mid-America Center in Council Bluffs, Iowa! Tickets:_
Once again, we will have a government of, by and for the people. Join the MOVEMENT today!
: On National , make sure youre registered to vote so we can ht_
Hillary Clintons Campaign Continues To Make False Claims About Foundation Disclosure:
CNBC, Time magazine online polls say Donald Trump won the first presidential debate via . ://
Great afternoon in Little Havana with Hispanic community leaders. Thank you for your support!
In the last hrs. we have raised over $13M from online donations and National Call Day, and were still going! Thank you America!
Well, now theyre saying that I not only won the NBC Presidential Forum, but last night the big debate. Nice!
Thank you for your endorsement, . ://
Such a great honor. Final debate polls are in - and the MOVEMENT wins!
U.S. Murders Increased % in via :
Thank you! ://
Hillarys been failing for years in not getting the job done - it will never change.
True blue-collar billionaire Donald Trump shows Hillary Clinton is out of touch
The trend on Twitter right now is - thank you!
I won every poll from last nights Presidential Debate - except for the little watched poll.
How Trump won over a bar full of undecideds and Democrats
I really enjoyed the debate last night.Crooked Hillary says she is going to do so many things.Why hasnt she done them in her last years?
Great debate poll numbers - I will be on at :00 to discuss. Enjoy!
Thank you! Four new polls with the MOVEMENT winning. Together, we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT AGAIN_
. First Presidential Debate Poll:Trump: %Clinton: %Join the MOVEMENT today &amp; lets !_
Thank you! CNBC poll with over votes.Trump %Clinton %
TIME poll - over votes. Thank you!
. just said "a historic victory for Trump." NICE!
Wow, did great in the debate polls (except for - which I dont watch). Thank you!
Thank you Governor !
Thank you Governor !Lets MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN with the American people.
Thank you Senator !
. Nuclear Agreement Paved The Way For The $400 Million Ransom Payment ://
Nothing on emails. Nothing on the corrupt Clinton Foundation. And nothing on .
. - Obama Strategy Has Allowed It To Expand To Become A Global Threat
: . calling out support for NAFTA = most searched moment during tonights debate.
Russia has more warheads than ever, N Korea is testing nukes, and Iran got a sweetheart deal to keep theirs. Thanks, .
Hillary Clinton failed all over the world.LIBYASYRIAIRANIRAQASIA PIVOTRUSSIAN RESETBENGHAZI_
: % TRUE --&gt; is right - did call TPP the gold standard ://
Hillary Clinton is the only candidate on stage who voted for the Iraq War.
. Campaign And Supporters Trafficked In Rumors About Obamas Heritage ://
: Hillarys policies have made America less safe, thats why + general and military leaders have endorsed !_
: Jesse Jackson on - when he donated space for the Rainbow/Push Coalition.
I will stand with police and protect ALL Americans!
: When is POTUS, families are going to be safe and secure. Law and order will be RESTORED!
: WATCH: on the stakes in this election
This is the simple fact about : she is a typical politician - all talk, no action.
HILLARYS BAD TAX HABIT!
A Clinton economy = more taxes and more spending!
. has been part of the rigged DC system for years? Why would we take policy advice from her?
Instead of driving jobs and wealth away, AMERICA will become the worlds great magnet for innovation and job creati_
. channels John Kerry on trade: she was for bad trade deals before she was against them.
. and Obama policies increased debt by $9trillion over the last years
: A Administration will bring JOBS BACK!
Why isnt Hillary Clinton points ahead?
: Join on his official social media platforms during tonights debate ~ as manages rapid response_
My team of deplorables will be managing my Twitter account for this evenings debate. Tune in!
: showing surging, , have HER camp on defense/lowering expectations, goi_
New national Bloomberg poll just released - thank you! Join the MOVEMENT: .
Really sad news: The great Arnold Palmer, the "King," has died. There was no-one like him - a true champion! He will be truly missed.
Five people killed in Washington State by a Middle Eastern immigrant. Many people died this weekend in Ohio from drug overdoses. N.C. riots!
Readout of my meeting with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu:
Looking forward to my meeting with Benjamin Netanyahu in Trump Tower at :00 A.M.
Bernie Sanders gave Hillary the Dem nomination when he gave up on the e-mails. That issue has only gotten bigger!
Many on the team and staff of Bernie Sanders have been treated badly by the Hillary Clinton campaign - and they like Trump on trade, a lot!
Thank you Roanoke, Virginia - this a MOVEMENT - join us today!Sign up:
If dopey Mark Cuban of failed Benefactor fame wants to sit in the front row, perhaps I will put Gennifer Flowers right alongside of him!
Will be back in Virginia tonight- for a pm rally at the Berglund Center in Roanoke. Join me! Tickets:_
": Trump is headed for a win, says professor who has predicted years of presidential outcomes "
The endorsement was a wonderful surprise. I greatly appreciate his support! We will have a tremendous victory on November th.
Today is the day! Knock on doors and make calls with us on National Day of Action!
INTERVIEW on NOW! Enjoy.
Crooked Hillarys bad judgement forced her to announce that she would go to Charlotte on Saturday to grandstand. Dem pols said no way, dumb!
Join me in Roanoke, Virginia tomorrow at the Berglund Center- Coliseum ~ pm! Tickets available at:_
How Trump Would Stimulate the U.S. Economy
Hillary Clinton just lost every Republican she ever had, including Never Trump, all farmers &amp; sm. biz, by saying shell tax estates at %.
Tomorrows the day! Knock on doors and make calls with us on National Day of Action!
: EXCLUSIVE: How Donald Trumps million followers are crashing the Internet
Spoke with Governor of North Carolina today. He is doing a tremendous job under tough circumstances.
This is more than a campaign- it is a movement. UP TODAY &amp; WE WILL WIN!
Join me in Roanoke, Virginia on Saturday evening at pm! ://
Will be on now.
I will be interviewed from Cleveland, Ohio, on - Tonight at :00 P.M. Enjoy!
": I love those beautiful gals." D + S = Two amazing women!
. Thank you!
Great new polls! Thank you Nevada, North Carolina &amp; Ohio. Join the MOVEMENT today &amp; lets !_
Thank you Toledo, Ohio! It is so important for you to get out and VOTE on November , ! Lets MAKE AMERICA SAFE_
: WATCH: on "women who work;" empowering campaign celebrates modern women.
Hopefully the violence &amp; unrest in Charlotte will come to an immediate end. To those injured, get well soon. We need unity &amp; leadership.
The situations in Tulsa and Charlotte are tragic. We must come together to make America safe again.
It is a MOVEMENT - not a campaign. Leaving the past behind, changing our future. Together, we will MAKE AMERICA SAF_
Thank you Kenansville, North Carolina! Remember- on November th, that special interest gravy train is coming to a_
Thank you High Point, NC! I will fight for every neglected part of this nation &amp; I will fight to bring us together_
Hillary Clinton is taking the day off again, she needs the rest. Sleep well Hillary - see you at the debate!
Heading to North Carolina for two big rallies. Will be there soon. We will bring jobs back where they belong!
Do people notice Hillary is copying my airplane rallies - she puts the plane behind her like I have been doing from the beginning.
Thank you Nevada! ://
Thank you Georgia! ://
Crooked Hillary has been fighting ISIS, or whatever she has been doing, for years. Now she has new ideas. It is time for change.
Amazing rally in Florida - this is a MOVEMENT! Join us today at .
Together, we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!
I will be interviewed on the - tonight from Florida, now. Enjoy!
Philly FOP Chief On Presidential Endorsement: Clinton Blew The Police Off
Hillary Clintons weakness while she was Secretary of State, has emboldened terrorists all over the world..cont:
Once again someone we were told is ok turns out to be a terrorist who wants to destroy our country &amp; its people- how did he get thru system?
Great job once again by law enforcement! We are proud of them and should embrace them - without them, we dont have a country!
": Refugees from Syria over k plus more coming. Lots young males, poorly vetted.
": hes the ONLY candidate that will keep us safe!"
Will be on at :02 A.M. Enjoy.
Terrible attacks in NY, NJ and MN this weekend. Thinking of victims, their families and all Americans! We need to be strong!
Saturdays attacks show that failed Obama/Hillary Clinton polices wont keep us safe! I will Make America Safe Again!
Under the leadership of Obama &amp; Clinton, Americans have experienced more attacks at home than victories abroad. Time to change the playbook!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY - to the United States Air Force!!
: This updates /Ipsos Electoral Map shows more than nearly anything how much has changed in just a month. https:/_
: , continued. Hillary averaging % in three states Pres. Obama won.
: more media showing ahead in states Pres Obama won twice.
I would like to express my warmest regards, best wishes and condolences to all of the families and victims of the horrible bombing in NYC.
Never met but never liked dopey Robert Gates. Look at the mess the U.S. is in. Always speaks badly of his many bosses, including Obama.
Heading to Colorado for a big rally. Massive crowd, great people! Will be there soon - the polls are looking good.
My lawyers want to sue the failing so badly for irresponsible intent. I said no (for now), but they are watching. Really disgusting
The failing has gone nuts that Crooked Hillary is doing so badly. They are willing to say anything, has become a laughingstock rag!
Crazy Maureen Dowd, the wacky columnist for the failing , pretends she knows me well--wrong!
Wacky , who hardly knows me, makes up things that I never said for her boring interviews and column. A neurotic dope!
. just doesnt get it, and thats why their ratings are so low - and getting worse. Boring anti-Trump panelists, mostly losers in life!
I never met former Defense Secretary Robert Gates. He knows nothing about me. But look at the results under his guidance - a total disaster!
Crooked Hillary wants to take your nd Amendment rights away. Will guns be taken from her heavily armed Secret Service detail? Maybe not!
My thoughts and prayers go out to the &amp; police officers- in Philadelphia.
"Donald Trumps birther event is the greatest trick hes ever pulled"
A very interesting take from :
Just arrived in Texas - have been informed two officers have been shot. My thoughts and prayers are with them.
Just leaving Miami for Houston, Oklahoma and Colorado. Miami crowd was fantastic!
Great parade in The Villages- I love you all. We will . Thank you for the incredible support-I will not forget!
I am truly honored and grateful for receiving SO much support from our American heroes...
I am now going to the brand new Trump International, Hotel D.C. for a major statement.
Thank you for a great evening - Laconia, New Hampshire -- will be back soon! ://
": hair gets the treatment on " So true!
": Tonight: , , a performance by Kiiara,and your funniest tweets.
Instead of driving jobs and wealth away, AMERICA will become the WORLDS great magnet for innovation &amp; job creation!
Will be joining on at :35pmE tonight. Enjoy!
: What a scary statistic! Americans are working harder and making less! We need competent leadership!
I will be interviewed by on tonight at pm. Enjoy!
Full transcript of economic plan- delivered to the Economic Club of New York.
Thank you !
Thank you to all of our law enforcement officers - across America! ://
Thank you for having me! I enjoyed the tour and spending time with everyone. See you soon.
Will be on at :00 A.M. Enjoy!
": you have my vote in Pennsylvania. Trump " Thank you!
I was never a fan of Colin Powell after his weak understanding of weapons of mass destruction in Iraq = disaster. We can do much better!
I will be interviewed on tomorrow at am. Enjoy!
Great poll out of Nevada- thank you! See you soon. ://
Great evening in Canton, Ohio-thank you! We are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Join us:
Honor to have been interviewed by the very wonderful in Detroit last week - tune in at pmE. Enjoy!
Thank you Ohio! Just landed in Canton for a rally at the Civic Center. Join me at pm:
Thank you Florida- cant wait to see you Friday in Miami! Join me:
Thank you ! :
Great poll Florida - thank you!
Thank you Ohio - see you tonight!
Russia took Crimea during the so-called Obama years. Who wouldnt know this and why does Obama get a free pass?
Why isnt President Obama working instead of campaigning for Hillary Clinton?
Thank you Rep. !
Thank you Rep. !
Thank you !
: Trump outlines new child-care policy proposals via the App seems a candidate of destiny
CHILD CARE REFORMS THAT WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!Transcript:
: Ivanka penned an Op-Ed that ran in the this afternoon, read it here. https:/_

: Ivanka is joining to outline an innovative new child care policy to support American families. Tune in to_
Thank you Clive, Iowa!
Join us today! Together, we will!
Heading to Iowa- join me today at noon! :
Join me in Clive, Iowa tomorrow at noon! :
": Saw ur speech on Twitter. U give me hope and optimism. I feel as though I am in the room with u. I pray ur/our success."
Just got back from Asheville, North Carolina, where we had a massive rally. The spirit of the crowd was unbelievable. Thank you!
Stopped by to thank all of the tremendous men &amp; women for their hard work!
Will be on at :22. Enjoy!
I will be interviewed on at :00 A.M.
://
The seriously failing , despite so much winning and poll numbers that will soon put me in first place, only writes dishonest hits!
Hillary Clinton just had her % moment. What a terrible thing she said about so many great Americans!
: RT if you agree: We need a President who is fighting for all Americans, not one who writes off nearly half the country.
While Hillary said horrible things about my supporters, and while many of her supporters will never vote for me, I still respect them all!
Really sad that Republicans would allow themselves to be used in a Clinton ad. Lindsey Graham, Romney, Flake, Sass. SUPREME COURT, REMEMBER!
Wow, Hillary Clinton was SO INSULTING to my supporters, millions of amazing, hard working people. I think it will cost her at the Polls!
Will be in Missouri today with Melania for the funeral of a wonderful and truly respected woman, Phyllis S!
": Just Watched . Obviously Tony is a Total Whack Job "
Just returned from Pensacola, Florida, where the crowd was incredible.
I havnt seen in many years, he hardly knows me. Never liked his style. Super lib, Crooked H supporter. Irrelevant dope!
Dummy writer , who wanted to do a second book with me for years (I said no), is now a hostile basket case who feels jilted!
Thank you Florida - we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Join us: .
Will be delivering a major speech tonight - live on at :10pm from Pensacola, Florida.
Thank you Ohio. Together, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Great honor to be endorsed by popular &amp; successful of VA. A state that I very much want to win-THX Jim!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Henry McMaster, Lt. Governor of South Carolina who endorsed me, beat failed announcer Bakari Sellers, so badly. Funny!
: Join on Saturday for National Day of Action as we work to ! https:/_
Jeff Zucker failed and he is now failing .
. is unwatchable. Their news on me is fiction. Theyare a disgrace to the broadcasting industry and an arm of the Clinton campaign.
The documentary of me that just aired is a total waste of time. I dont even know many of the people who spoke about me. A joke!
Final poll results from NBC on last nights Commander-in-Chief Forum. Thank you!
It wasnt Matt Lauer that hurt Hillary last night. It was her very dumb answer about emails &amp; the veteran who said she should be in jail.
More poll results from last nights Commander-in-Chief Forum.
Last nights results - in poll taken by NBC.
With Luis, Mexico and the United States would have made wonderful deals together - where both Mexico and the US would have benefitted.
Mexico has lost a brilliant finance minister and wonderful man who I know is highly respected by President Pea Nieto.
Hillary Clinton answered email questions differently last night than she has in the past. She is totally confused. Unfit to serve as .
Hillary just gave a disastrous news conference on the tarmac to make up for poor performance last night. Shes being decimated by the media!
: Last nights winner was clear &amp; it will be proven time &amp; time again - lets !! Lets WIN!!
"A rough night for Hillary Clinton" ABC News.
Wow, reviews are in - THANK YOU!
COMING UP on
Thank you to for the nice reviews of last night.
Thank you America - great polls!
Thank you to our fantastic veterans. The reviews and polls from almost everyone of my Commander-in-Chief presentation were great. Nice!
Thank you Peter - if elected, I will think big for our country &amp; never let the American people down!
Wow - thank you Pensacola, FL. See you Friday at pm -- join me!
!
Donald Trump leads Hillary Clinton by points among military, veteran voters: poll ://
":Kudos to for standing up to CNNs attempt to bully you and shout you down for defending bias
I will be interviewed on tonight at pmE . Enjoy!
Thank you North Carolina- get out &amp; on /8/2016!
Great meeting with military spouses in Virginia- joined by , , &amp; .
Thank you to all of our amazing military families, service members, and veterans.
Join me in Pensacola, Florida this Friday at pm! ://
Thank you!
Mainstream media never covered Hillarys massive hackingor coughing attack, yet it is trending. Whats up?
": Message for undecided voters: Please wake up and vote DonaldTrump now! Trump/Pence very important save our America before too late!"
Thank you!
As a tribute to the late, great Phyllis Schlafly, I hope everybody can go out and get her latest book, THE CONSERVATIVE CASE FOR TRUMP.
China wouldnt provide a red carpet stairway from Air Force One and then Philippines President calls Obama "the son of a whore." Terrible!
The truly great Phyllis Schlafly, who honored me with her strong endorsement for president, has passed away at . She was very special!
Thank you Ohio!
Heading to Youngstown, Ohio now- some great polls.
Thank you American Legion Post - for hosting &amp; I for a roundtable with labor leaders.
:
Can you believe that the Chinese would not give Obama the proper stairway to get off his plane - fight on tarmac!
President Obama &amp; Putin fail to reach deal on Syria - so what else is new? Obama is not a natural deal maker. Only makes bad deals!
": I followed you because you are a patriot &amp; support , as do I. by sticking together.
": Im at a biker rally in Perry, Kansas...and everyone is a fan. Love it."
": Trump now leads her by - get real, she will lose big"
": We need to show Americans that Hillary will KILL our Country !! Vote for Trump !!"
": It defies belief the Web of Lies Hillary is spinning! One excuse after another. Then its this, then its that.
Lyin Hillary Clinton told the FBI that she did not know the "C" markings on documents stood for CLASSIFIED. How can this be happening?
To the African-American community: The Democrats have failed you for fifty years, high crime, poor schools, no jobs. I will fix it, VOTE "T"
The polls are close so Crooked Hillary is getting out of bed and will campaign tomorrow.Why did she hammer devices and acid-wash e-mails?
The Great State of Arizona, where I just had a massive rally (amazing people), has a very weak and ineffective Senator, Jeff Flake. Sad!
The Republican Party needs strong and committed leaders, not weak people such as , if it is going to stop illegal immigration.
: Doesnt fit the MSM narrative - so they wont share what did for Jesse Jackson in - so I will! https:/_
": CNN is so biased. Never ever watch them. Trump !!"
Crooked Hillarys V.P. pick said this morning that I was not aware that Russia took over Crimea. A total lie - and taken over during O term!
Wow, the failing has not reported properly on Crookeds FBI release. They are at the back of the pack - no longer a credible source
. is so disgusting in their bias, but they are having a hard time promoting Crooked Hillary in light of the new e-mail scandals.
Great visit to Detroit church, fantastic reception, and all talks about is a small protest outside. Inside a large and wonderful crowd!
I am returning to the Pensacola Bay Center in Florida- Friday, /9/16 at pm. Join me!
Thank you Great Faith Ministries International, Bishop Wayne T. Jackson, and Detroit!


Great new poll Iowa - thank you!
I visited our Trump Tower campaign headquarters last night, after returning from Ohio and Arizona, and it was packed with great pros - WIN!
People will be very surprised by our ground game on Nov. . We have an army of volunteers and people with GREAT SPIRIT! They want to !
Just heard that crazy and very dumb had a mental breakdown while talking about me on the low ratings . Joe a mess!
I will be interviewed by tonight at pm on the . Enjoy!
I am promising you a new legacy for America. Were going to create a new American future. Thank you OHIO!
Thank you for having me this morning . I enjoyed my time with everyone!
Poll numbers way up - making big progress!
Thank you to for the great review of the speech on immigration last night. Thank you also to the great people of Arizona!
Mexico will pay for the wall!
Under a Trump administration, its called ! ://
Hillary Clinton doesnt have the strength or the stamina to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! ://
There will be no amnesty! ://
Mexico will pay for the wall - %! ://
: We are Watching A Leader Who for the First Time in Three Presidencies Will Put America and Americans First!
: I hear Churchill had a nice turn of phrase, but Trumps immigration speech is the most magnificent speech ever given.
Just arrived in Arizona! ://
Great trip to Mexico today - wonderful leadership and high quality people! Look forward to our next meeting.
Hillary Clinton didnt go to Louisiana, and now she didnt go to Mexico. She doesnt have the drive or stamina to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Former President Vicente Fox, who is railing against my visit to Mexico today, also invited me when he apologized for using the "f bomb."
Thank you Washington! Together, WE will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!
I have accepted the invitation of President Enrique Pena Nieto, of Mexico, and look very much forward to meeting him tomorrow.
: We are ALREADY LIVE in Everett, WA for the Trump Rally. Come join us- our cameras tonight! ://
: REUTERS POLL: CLINTON, TRUMP ALL TIED UP...
Thank you North Carolina!
Thank you America! ://
": Looking forward to seeing you again! Everett to be a packed house! "
From day one I said that I was going to build a great wall on the SOUTHERN BORDER, and much more. Stop illegal immigration. Watch Wednesday!
Join me this Thursday in Wilmington, Ohio at noon! :
Join me this Wednesday in Phoenix, Arizona at pm! :

We will repeal and replace the horrible disaster known as !

Now that African-Americans are seeing what a bad job Hillary type policy and management has done to the inner-cities, they want TRUMP!
Crooked Hillarys brainpower is highly overrated.Probably why her decision making is so bad or, as stated by Bernie S, she has BAD JUDGEMENT
Does anyone know that Crooked Hillary, who tried so hard, was unable to pass the Bar Exams in Washington D.C. She was forced to go elsewhere
": I know of NO ONE voting for Crooked Hillary! Her rallies are held in (blank) &amp; she still has room.
": Thank-You Clarence Henderson for telling you know racism &amp; its not DonaldTrump via "
": Crowd at Trump Rally in Akron, Ohio is a Sea of Women, Minorities, Independents, Dems via
Inner-city crime is reaching record levels. African-Americans will vote for Trump because they know I will stop the slaughter going on!
Look how bad it is getting! How much more crime, how many more shootings, will it take for African-Americans and Latinos to vote TrumpAFE!
I will be making a major speech on ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION on Wednesday in the GREAT State of Arizona. Big crowds, looking for a larger venue.
I think that both candidates, Crooked Hillary and myself, should release detailed medical records. I have no problem in doing so! Hillary?
Today is the rd anniversary of the March on Washington - today we honor the enduring fight for justice, equality and opportunity.
: Poll: vs. among white Evangelicals.
Thank you Arizona!
Join me Tuesday in Everett, Washington at the Xfinity Arena! Tickets:
": America loves Trump and -- praying for you every day. Stay strong.
NATIONAL DEBTJanuary = $10.6 TRILLIONAugust = $19.4 TRILLION
It was an honor to have the amazing Root family join me in Iowa. I have been so inspired by their courage &amp; bravery.
Thank you Iowa!
Just landed in Iowa to attend a great event in honor of wonderful Senator . Look forward to being with all of my friends.
My condolences to Dwyane Wade and his family, on the loss of Nykea Aldridge. They are in my thoughts and prayers.
Dwyane Wades cousin was just shot and killed walking her baby in Chicago. Just what I have been saying. African-Americans will VOTE TRUMP!
": Leader: No Regard For Black Race via
": Crooked Hillary getting desperate. On TV bashing Trump. , she forgot how she said a KKK member was her mentor.
Heroin overdoses are taking over our children and others in the MIDWEST. Coming in from our southern border. We need strong border &amp; WALL!
New polls - join the MOVEMENT today.
Join us via our new APP!
Will be in Phoenix, Arizona on Wednesday. Changing venue to much larger one. Demand is unreal. Polls looking great!
Thank you Florida. Keep me updated, and lets get those registered voters!
I will be interviewed by pm on . !
Army training slide lists Hillary Clinton as insider threat:
Meet the Trumpocrats: Lifelong Democrats Breaking w/ Party Over Hillary to Support Donald Trump for President:
"Hillary Clinton Deleted Emails Using Program Intended To Prevent Recovery"
: Watched Clinton Cash last night. Scariest movie since The Invitation! Youve been warned
How quickly people forget that Crooked Hillary called African-American youth "SUPER PREDATORS" - Has she apologized?
I am very proud to have brought the subject of illegal immigration back into the discussion. Such a big problem for our country-I will solve
Wonderful was attacked viciously and unfairly on by crazy on low ratings . Apologize!
What do African-Americans and Hispanics have to lose by going with me. Look at the poverty, crime and educational statistics. I will fix it!
Crooked Hillary will NEVER be able to solve the problems of poverty, education and safety within the African-American &amp; Hispanic communities
The Clintons are the real predators...
": Your opponent has run out of ideas, now resorts to personal attacks on you. Every Amercan knows, you represent HOPE!!"
"Hillary Clinton needs to address the racist undertones of her campaign."
": Company Gouging Price Of EpiPens Is A Clinton Foundation Donor And Partner via dailycaller"
": Flashback: Hillary Clinton Praised Former KKK Member Robert Byrd as Friend and Mentor: "
CLINTON CORRUPTION AND HER SABOTAGE OF THE INNER CITIES.Full speech transcript:
Hillary Clinton only knows how to make a speech when it is a hit on me. No policy, and always very short (stamina). Media gives her a pass!
HRC is using the oldest play in the Dem playbook- when their policies fail, they are left w/this one tired argument!
Hillary Clinton is using race-baiting to try to get African-American voters- but they know she is all talk and NO ACTION!
Hillary Clintons short speech is pandering to the worst instincts in our society. She should be ashamed of herself!
Just watched recap of speech. Very short and lies. She is the only one fear-mongering!
So many in the African-American community are doing so badly, poverty and crime way up, employment and jobs way down: I will fix it, promise
Poll numbers are starting to look very good. Leading in Florida Arizona and big jump in Utah. All numbers rising, national way up. Wow!
": . of the fame - We CAN do this! We can with "
Thoughts and prayers to the great people of Indiana. You will prevail!
Great Governor is in Indiana to help lead the relief efforts after tornadoes struck. True leadership.
Will be on pE - discussing various subjects including immigration-if elected, we will &amp; enforce our laws!
Thank you for your support!
A great afternoon in Tampa, Florida. Thank you!
New national poll released. Join the MOVEMENT &amp; together we will !
Great new poll Florida - thank you!
I will not let the families of The Remembrance Project down!://
My thoughts and prayers are with the victims and families of those affected by two powerful earthquakes in Italy and Myanmar.
Thank you Travis County, Texas!
Will be participating in a Town Hall tonight on at pmE from Austin, Texas. Enjoy!
In Austin, Texas with some of our amazing Border Patrol Agents. I will not let them down!
Join me in Tampa, Florida- tomorrow at pmE! Tickets:
President Obama should have gone to Louisiana days ago, instead of golfing. Too little, too late!
Hillary Clinton strongly stated that there was "absolutely no connection" between her private work and that of The State Department. LIE!
It is being reported by virtually everyone, and is a fact, that the media pile on against me is the worst in American political history!
I am now in Texas doing a big fundraiser for the Republican Party and a Special on the BORDER and with victims of border crime!
The quickly put together a hit job book on me- comprised of copies of some of their inaccurate stories. Dont buy, boring!
. new book, In Trump We Trust, comes out tomorrow. People are saying its terrific - knowing Ann I am sure it is!
Just leaving Akron, Ohio, after a packed rally. Amazing people! Going now to Texas.
Great meeting with active &amp; retired law enforcement officers- at the Fraternal Order of Police lodge in Akron, Ohio.
Statement on Clinton Foundation:
Will be interviewed on at :30 A.M. Eastern. ENJOY!
Some day, when things calm down, Ill tell the real story of and his very insecure long-time girlfriend, . Two clowns!
Tried watching low-rated this morning, unwatchable! is off the wall, a neurotic and not very bright mess!
": Trump leading LA Times poll "
": The ad was actually very good!"
": You need to show the crowds at the rallies use Periscope! Show HCs YT viewers vs DT K"
": TRUMP VICTORY IN NOVEMBER! "
": Video: Hillary referring to blacks as super predators that need to be brought to heel. "
I heard that was very nice on Friday but that little Donny D, a big failure in TV (&amp; someone I helped), was nasty. Irrelevant!
Crooked Hillary is flooding the airwaves with false and misleading ads - all paid for by her bosses on Wall Street. Media is protecting her!
I have been drawing very big and enthusiastic crowds, but the media refuses to show or discuss them. Something very big is happening!
Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!
": please oh please take the CHARLOTTE NC speech ACROSS the swing states .... sooo powerful" Good!
": been a great week. More of the same will get you in the white house!"
We will bring America together as ONE country again united as Americans in common purpose and common dreams.
Will be back soon Virginia. We are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Will be interviewed on at :00 P.M. Enjoy!
Just leaving Virginia - really big crowd, great enthusiasm!
Thank you - will see you soon. ://
": new followers for . From to , All in the last ten days or so!
. - so humbled by my time w/ you. You are in our thoughts &amp; prayers.
We are one nation. When one hurts, we all hurt. We must all work together-to lift each other up.
? Sleeping!!!!!
Thank you Michigan. This is a MOVEMENT. We are going to MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!
Great job by on interview with on .
Thank you to everyone for all of the nice comments, by Twitter, pundits and otherwise for my speech last night.
The reporting at the failing gets worse and worse by the day. Fortunately, it is a dying newspaper.
Thank you to NC for last evenings great reception. The speech was a great success. Heading now to Louisiana &amp; another speech tonight in MI.
We are one nation. When one state hurts, we all hurt. We must all work together - to lift each other up.
Thank you Charlotte, North Carolina!://
Together, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

They will soon be calling me MR. BREXIT!
I will be doing a Town Hall tonight at :00 P.M. on -
Will be participating in a town hall event- hosted by tonight at pmE on . Enjoy!
We are going to make this a government of the people once again! ://
We will repeal &amp; replace , which has caused soaring double-digit premium increases. It is a disaster!
A vote for Hillary Clinton is a vote for another generation of poverty, high crime, &amp; lost opportunities. ://
://
Thank you Governor &amp; Chairman Priebus. ://
Join me in North Carolina - tomorrow at :30pm! :
:
:
Will be on tonight at pmE - delivering an important speech live from Wisconsin.
Just as we won the Cold War, in part, by exposing the evils of communism and the virtues of free markets....Cont:
This is my pledge to the American people:
Its just a -point race, Clinton %, Trump %
Another health insurer is pulling back due to persistent financial losses on plans. Only the beginning!

"CLINTON REFUGEE PLAN COULD BRING IN REFUGEES IN FIRST TERM AT LIFETIME COST OF OVER $400 BILLION."
://
Certain Republicans who have lost to me would rather save face by fighting me than see the U.S.Supreme Court get proper appointments. Sad!
"Stay on message" is the chant. I always do - trade, jobs, military, vets, nd A, repeal Ocare, borders, etc - but media misrepresents!
I have always been the same person-remain true to self.The media wants me to change but it would be very dishonest to supporters to do so!
It is not "freedom of the press" when newspapers and others are allowed to say and write whatever they want even if it is completely false!
I am not only fighting Crooked Hillary, I am fighting the dishonest and corrupt media and her government protection process. People get it!
Crooked Hillary Clinton is being protected by the media. She is not a talented person or politician. The dishonest media refuses to expose!
My rallies are not covered properly by the media. They never discuss the real message and never show crowd size or enthusiasm.
If the disgusting and corrupt media covered me honestly and didnt put false meaning into the words I say, I would be beating Hillary by %
The failing , which never spoke to me, keeps saying that I am saying to advisers that I will change. False, I am who I am-never said
The failing talks about anonymous sources and meetings that never happened. Their reporting is fiction. The media protects Hillary!
": You are a man for the people because you know what it is like to be among the people Loves U" Thanks
": Were all enjoying you, as well, Mr. T.! Youve inspired Hope and a Positive Spirit throughout America! God bless you!" Nice
": yes you are my hero I admire you for laying down your glorious luxurious life to get beat up for America!!!"
We now have confirmation as to one reason Crooked H wanted to be sure that nobody saw her e-mails - PAY-FOR-PLAY. How can she run for Pres.
": Thank you for all that you are doing for us! You campaign endlessly and have spent millions.We love you! " Thanks
I am truly enjoying myself while running for president. The people of our country are amazing - great numbers on November th!
The failing has become a newspaper of fiction. Their stories about me always quote non-existent unnamed sources. Very dishonest!
Will be on tonight at pm, hosted by . Enjoy!
Thank you Erie, Pennsylvania! Together we will !
We will repeal and replace disastrous !
Unbelievable support in Florida last night - thank you!
ISIS gained tremendous strength during Hillary Clintons term as Secretary of State. When will the dishonest media report the facts!
I love watching these poor, pathetic people (pundits) on television working so hard and so seriously to try and figure me out. They cant!
A massive tax increase will be necessary to fund Crooked Hillary Clintons agenda. What a terrible (and boring) rollout that was yesterday!
": Thank you for coming to Pennsylvania today. I will be there with your rd CD delegate at pm"
Ratings challenged reports so seriously that I call President Obama (and Clinton) "the founder" of ISIS, &amp; MVP. THEY DONT GET SARCASM?
": People gotta stop believing media lies about Trump." That would indeed be nice!
": THE CORRUPT MEDIA CREATS CONTROVERSY AGAINST TO AVOID ISSUES ABOUT HillaryClinton "
": Everything coming from this administration is a lie. Only will change it"
Will be doing tonight at pm. Enjoy!
This is no surprise. Constant phony reporting from failing turns everyone off. The American people get it!
Thank you Fort Lauderdale, Florida.
Great job today by the NYPD in protecting the people and saving the climber.
Reuters just announced that Secret Service never spoke to me or my campaign. Made up story by is a hoax. Totally dishonest.
": Really admire your determination: Working so hard for all Americans n daily having to defend yourself from a biased Media."
!
Thank you Abingdon, Virginia!://
No such meeting or conversation ever happened - a made up story by "low ratings" .
Great meeting w/ coal miners &amp; leaders from the Virginia coal industry- thank you! ://
I will be interviewed on tonight at pm. Enjoy!
My thoughts and prayers are with the two police officers shot in Sebastian County, Arkansas.
Morning Joes weakness is its low ratings. I dont watch anymore but I heard he went wild against Rudy Giuliani and - sad &amp; irrelevant!
. You were fantastic in defending both the Second Amendment and me last night on . Don Lemon is a lightweight - dumb as a rock
": Now cut off my mic! Bongino refuses to be bullied by Don Lemon over Trump, nd Amendment HEATED! "
Media desperate to distract from Clintons anti-2A stance. I said pro-2A citizens must organize and get out vote to save our Constitution!
When is the media going to talk about Hillarys policies that have gotten people killed, like Libya, open borders, and maybe her emails?
Thank you Senator ! ://
Thank you ! ://
Thank you Wilmington, North Carolina!
: But there IS something we will do on : Show up and vote for the !
: . is right. If gets to pick her anti- judges, theres nothing we can do.
: /2 How many of our presidents, even our great presidents, would have handled the antics that went on in that auditorium_
: /2 Believe Trump gave a great speech.
": Loved Trumps answers to voters questions this morning! Trumps economic plan will help "
": great interview.....all solid points on our economy TRUMP2016"
I am running against the Washington insiders, just like I did in the Republican Primaries. These are the people that have made U.S. a mess!
Will be interviewed on now!
Being in Detroit today was wonderful. Quick stop in Ohio to meet with some of our great supporters. Just got back home!
: We Can Do Better, We Must Do Better, We Will Do BetterBy LTG (R) Keith Kellogg and LTG (R) Michael Flynn http_
As Senator Clinton promised jobs in Upstate New York - her efforts fell flat.
Many people are saying that the Iranians killed the scientist who helped the U.S. because of Hillary Clintons hacked emails.
Thank you Newt!
Thank you Congressman Steven Palazzo!
Thank you Senator David Perdue!
Thank you !
Thank you - together we will !
Thank you!
Thank you Alex!
: . encouraged by , says would benefit from lower tax rate:
My economic policy speech will be carried live at :15 P.M. Enjoy!
Join me in Fayetteville, North Carolina tomorrow evening at pm. Tickets now available at:
: "Will Media Apologize to Trump?"
Michael Morell, the lightweight former Acting Director of C.I.A., and a man who has made serious bad calls, is a total Clinton flunky!
The media is going crazy. They totally distort so many things on purpose. Crimea, nuclear, "the baby" and so much more. Very dishonest!
: CLINTON EMAIL LED TO EXECUTION IN IRAN?
I see where Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake of Baltimore is pushing Crooked hard. Look at the job she has done in Baltimore. She is a joke!
Thank you Windham, New Hampshire!
. - Donald Trump Is the middle-class growth candidate
I am not just running against Crooked Hillary Clinton, I am running against the very dishonest and totally biased media - but I will win!
is not fit to be our next president! ://
Heading to New Hampshire - will be talking about Hillary saying her brain SHORT CIRCUITED, and other things!
Anybody whose mind "SHORT CIRCUITS" is not fit to be our president! Look up the word "BRAINWASHED."
Crooked Hillary said loudly, and for the world to see, that she "SHORT CIRCUITED" when answering a question on her e-mails. Very dangerous!
Hillary Clinton is being badly criticized for her poor performance in answering questions. Let us all see what happens!
Good luck
Trump is right about violent crime: Its on the rise in major cities
Thank you Green Bay, Wisconsin! Governor and I will be back soon.
DONT LET HILLARY CLINTON DO IT AGAIN!://
Thank you Des Moines, Iowa! Governor and I appreciate your support!

: FORMER HOSTAGE SAYS PLANE WAITED UNTIL MONEY ARRIVED...
: Win-lose deal that benefits Iran and hurts United States...
Hillary Clinton has bad judgment and is unfit to serve as President.
The plane I saw on television was the hostage plane in Geneva, Switzerland, not the plane carrying $400 million in cash going to Iran!
President Obama refuses to answer question about Iran terror funding. I wont dodge questions as your President.
Obamas disastrous judgment gave us ISIS, rise of Iran, and the worst economic numbers since the Great Depression!
President Obama should ask the DNC about how they rigged the election against Bernie.
See you tomorrow w/ Gov. , Iowa &amp; Wisconsin!3pm-
Thank you Portland, Maine!://
Happy th Birthday to the United States Coast Guard. Thank you !
Great meeting all of you. This group knocked on K doors &amp; counting here in Maine, thank you!
Looking forward to IA &amp; WI with Gov. Pence, tomorrow. Join us! ://
Thank you Jacksonville, Florida!://
Thank you for your support of my candidacy! ://
Thank you to the amazing law enforcement officers today- in Daytona Beach, Florida!
THANK YOU Daytona Beach, Florida!
: Join me in Colorado, today! Look forward to seeing you!Denver- pm Springs- pmhttps:/_
Our incompetent Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton, was the one who started talks to give million dollars, in cash, to Iran. Scandal!
There is great unity in my campaign, perhaps greater than ever before. I want to thank everyone for your tremendous support. Beat Crooked H!
Great day in Virginia. Crowd was fantastic!
My daughter will be on tonight at pm. Enjoy!
Report raises questions about Clinton Cash from Russians during reset
President Obama will go down as perhaps the worst president in the history of the United States!
: Democrat Fire Marshal Turns THOUSANDS of Trump Supporters Away at Columbus Rally via
: John Podestas Brother Pocketed $180,000 from Putins Uranium Company:

Join me in Florida tomorrow! | pm- | pm-
STATEMENT IN RESPONSE TO PRESIDENT OBAMAS FAILED LEADERSHIP:
Thank you Virginia!
The Washington Post calls out for what she REALLY is. A PATHOLOGICAL LIAR! Watch that nose grow!
Great afternoon in Ohio &amp; a great evening in Pennsylvania - departing now. See you tomorrow Virginia!
Just leaving Mechanicsburg, PA. Incredible crowd-- so enthusiastic! Will be back soon.
: . stops by overflow room in Mechanicsburg, Pennsylvania- prior to main rally. https:_
Vast numbers of manufacturing jobs in Pennsylvania have moved to Mexico and other countries. That will end when I win!
Thanks to for your kind words, very much appreciated.
Join me in Florida on Wednesday! Daytona &amp; Jacksonvilleaytona | pm- | pm-
During the GOP convention, CNN cut away from the victims of illegal immigrant violence. They dont want them heard.
When will CNN do a segment on Hillarys plan to increase Syrian refugees % and how much it will cost?
Hillary Clinton raked in money from regimes that horribly oppress women and gays &amp; refuses to speak out against Radical Islam.
Hillary, whose decisions have led to the deaths of many, accepted $ from a business linked to ISIS. Silence at CNN.
Crooked Hillary Clinton is % owned by her donors.
Thank you Columbus, Ohio! I will be back soon.
Thank you Oklahoma &amp; Virginia!
People believe CNN these days almost as little as they believe Hillary....thats really saying something!
The people who support Hillary sit behind CNN anchor chairs, or headline fundraisers - those disconnected from real life.
Will CNN send its cameras to the border to show the massive unreported crisis now unfolding -- or are they worried it will hurt Hillary?
When will we see stories from CNN on Clinton Foundation corruption and Hillarys pay-for-play at State Department?
CNN anchors are completely out of touch with everyday people worried about rising crime, failing schools and vanishing jobs.
CNN will soon be the least trusted name in news if they continue to be the press shop for Hillary Clinton.
Join Governor Mike Pence in Reno, Nevada- tonight at pm! Tickets available at:
://
So with all of the Obama tough talk on Russia and the Ukraine, they have already taken Crimea and continue to push. Thats what I said!
When I said in an interview that Putin is "not going into Ukraine, you can mark it down," I am saying if I am President. Already in Crimea!
This story is not about Mr. Khan, who is all over the place doing interviews, but rather RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM and the U.S. Get smart!
Mr. Khan, who does not know me, viciously attacked me from the stage of the DNC and is now all over T.V. doing the same - Nice!
Wow, it is unbelievable how distorted, one-sided and biased the media is against us. The failing is a joke. is laughable!
": Without absolutely OWNING the liberal media, HillaryClinton wouldnt stand a chance. and her only hope."
The dishonest media is fawning over the Democratic Convention. I wonder why, then, my speech had millions of more viewers than Crooked H?
I was viciously attacked by Mr. Khan at the Democratic Convention. Am I not allowed to respond? Hillary voted for the Iraq war, not me!
Captain Khan, killed years ago, was a hero, but this is about RADICAL ISLAMIC TERROR and the weakness of our "leaders" to eradicate it!
Nielson Media Research final numbers on ACCEPTANCE SPEECH: TRUMP MILLION. CLINTON MILLION. Thank you!
Thank you to all of the television viewers that made my speech at the Republican National Convention over Crooked Hillary and DEMS.
Can you imagine if I had the small crowds that Hillary is drawing today in Pennsylvania. It would be a major media event!
NATO commander agrees members should pay up via :
Wow, NATOs top commander just announced that he agrees with me that alliance members must PAY THEIR BILLS. This is a general I will like!
The "Rust Belt" was created by politicians like the Clintons who allowed our jobs to be stolen from us by other countries like Mexico. END!
Crookeds stop in Johnstown, Pennsylvania, where jobs have been absolutely decimated by dumb politicians, drew less than - with Bill, VP
= Obamas third term, which would be terrible news for our economic growth - seen below.
Word is that Crooked Hillary has very small and unenthusiastic crowds in Pennsylvania. Perhaps it is because her husband signed NAFTA?
I turned down a meeting with Charles and David Koch. Much better for them to meet with the puppets of politics, they will do much better!
Why doesnt the media want to report that on the two "Big Thursdays" when Crooked Hillary and I made our speeches - Republicans won ratings

Crooked Hillary Clinton is soft on crime, supports open borders, and wants massive tax hikes. A formula for disaster!
Violent crime is rising across the United States, yet the DNC convention ignored it. Crime reduction will be one of my top priorities.
Just got back from Colorado. The love and enthusiasm at two rallies was incredible. Big crowds!
While I am in OH &amp; PA - you can also join in Nevada on Mon!Carson City: :
Join me Monday in Columbus, Ohio &amp; Harrisburg, Pennsylvania! in OH: in PA:
American homeownership rate in Q2 was % - lowest rate in yrs. WE will bring back the American Dream!
We are suffering through the worst long-term unemployment in the last years. I want change - Crooked Hillary Clinton does not.
Hillary can never win over Bernie supporters. Her foreign wars,NAFTA/TPP support &amp; Wall Street ties are driving away millions of votes.
Colorado was amazing yesterday! So much support. Our tax, trade and energy reforms will bring great jobs to Colorado and the whole country.
": ONLY TRUMP CAN UNITE AMERICA AND FIX OBAMAS MISTAKES!!! "
Thank you Denver, Colorado!!
As usual, Hillary &amp; the Dems are trying to rig the debates so are up against major NFL games. Same as last time w/ Bernie. Unacceptable!
Job Application
Hillary Clinton should not be given national security briefings in that she is a lose cannon with extraordinarily bad judgement &amp; insticts.
Thank you to the amazing law enforcement officers in Colorado!
Thank you Colorado Springs. Get out &amp; VOTE in November!
"Only a Reagan or a Trump-like figure in the White House will achieve this goal."
Even Bill is tired of the lies, SAD!
Join me in Colorado Springs at pm- or in Denver tonight at pm!Colorado Springs: :
What Bernie Sanders really thinks of Crooked Hillary Clinton.
I am watching Crooked Hillary speak. Same old stuff, our country needs change!
Wow, my campaign is hearing from more and more Bernie supporters that they will NEVER support Crooked Hillary. She sold them out, V.P. pick!
In Hillary Clintons America - things get worse.
The dishonest media didnt mention that Bernie Sanders was very angry looking during Crookeds speech. He wishes he didnt make that deal!
Thank you!Facebook: :
Crooked Hillary said that I "couldnt handle the rough and tumble of a political campaign." Really,I just beat people and am beating her!
If Michael Bloomberg ran again for Mayor of New York, he wouldnt get % of the vote - they would run him out of town!
"Little" Michael Bloomberg, who never had the guts to run for president, knows nothing about me. His last term as Mayor was a disaster!
General John Allen, who I never met but spoke against me last night, failed badly in his fight against ISIS. His record = BAD
Crooked Hillary Clinton mentioned me times in her very long and very boring speech. Many of her statements were lies and fabrications!
Join at the University of Northwestern Ohio- tonight at pm. Tickets:
": "I believe in science" Dem code for "were shutting down coal mines, steel plants and any other remaining manufacturing""
CAMPAIGN STATEMENT:
Two policemen just shot in San Diego, one dead. It is only getting worse. People want LAW AND ORDER!
Crooked Hillary Clinton made up facts about me, and "forgot" to mention the many problems of our country, in her very average scream!
The media coverage this morning of the very average Clinton speech and Convention is a joke. and the little watched = SAD!
No one has worse judgement than Hillary Clinton - corruption and devastation follows her wherever she goes.
Hillarys wars in the Middle East have unleashed destruction, terrorism and ISIS across the world.
Hillarys vision is a borderless world where working people have no power, no jobs, no safety.
Hillary will never reform Wall Street. She is owned by Wall Street!
Our way of life is under threat by Radical Islam and Hillary Clinton cannot even bring herself to say the words.
Hillarys refusal to mention Radical Islam, as she pushes a % increase in refugees, is more proof that she is unfit to lead the country.
Departing now - thank you Cedar Rapids, Iowa. This is a MOVEMENT!

"Dems warn not to underestimate Trumps potential win"
Great to be back in Iowa! with joining me in Davenport- this past winter.
Median household income is down for the middle class since Obama took office. It will only go further down under Clinton.
A vote for Clinton-Kaine is a vote for TPP, NAFTA, high taxes, radical regulation, and massive influx of refugees.
AMERICAS FUTURE
Bernie caved!
": Poll: Donald Trump Sees -Point Positive Swing in Two Weeks - Breitbart " Great!
: Good morning! Join me in Lima, Ohio - tomorrow evening at pm. :
: Trump makes a funny, obvious joke about Russia going after Hillarys emails &amp; U.S. media goes insane with fury.He plays t_
: Obama Refers to Himself Times During Hillary Nominating Speech...
President Obama spoke last night about a world that doesnt exist. % of the people think our country is going in the wrong direction.
": stay the course mr trump your message is resonating with the PEOPLE"
": Barack is offended that will demand that allies pay their fair share. "
Our country does not feel great already to the millions of wonderful people living in poverty, violence and despair.
Shooting deaths of police officers up % this year. We must restore law and order and protect our great law enforcement officers!
Join me live in Toledo, Ohio!://

Thank you Pennsylvania!://
Thank you to our amazing law enforcement officers!
"Trump right: Illegal families crossing border set to double, so far"
Great new poll - thank you!
If Russia or any other country or person has Hillary Clintons illegally deleted emails, perhaps they should share them with the FBI!
Join our next Vice President, in Wisconsin tonight &amp; Michigan Thursday!MI: :
Not one American flag on the massive stage at the Democratic National Convention until people started complaining-then a small one. Pathetic
Our not very bright Vice President, Joe Biden, just stated that I wanted to "carpet bomb" the enemy. Sorry Joe, that was Ted Cruz!
Crooked Hillary Clinton wants to flood our country with Syrian immigrants that we know little or nothing about. The danger is massive. NO!
Hopefully the violent and vicious killing by ISIS of a beloved French priest is causing people to start thinking rationally. Get tough!
The Democratic Convention has paid ZERO respect to the great police and law enforcement professionals of our country. No recognition - SAD!
Funny how the failing is pushing Dems narrative that Russia is working for me because Putin said "Trump is a genius." America st!
As I have been saying, Crooked Hillary will approve the job killing TPP after the election, despite her statements to the contrary: top adv.
Just like I have warned from the beginning, Crooked Hillary Clinton will betray you on the TPP.
Many of Bernies supporters have left the arena. Did Bernie go home and go to sleep?
I hate to say it, but the Republican Convention was far more interesting (with a much more beautiful set) than the Democratic Convention!
No matter what Bill Clinton says and no matter how well he says it, the phony media will exclaim it to be incredible. Highly overrated!
You have no idea what my strategy on ISIS is, and neither does ISIS (a good thing). Please get your facts straight - thanks.
For the record, I have ZERO investments in Russia.
In order to try and deflect the horror and stupidity of the Wikileakes disaster, the Dems said maybe it is Russia dealing with Trump. Crazy!
://
Dems dont want to talk ISIS b/c Hillarys foreign interventions unleashed ISIS &amp; her refugee plans make it easier for them to come here.
Bernies exhausted, he just wants to shut down and go home to bed!
The invention of email has proven to be a very bad thing for Crooked Hillary in that it has proven her to be both incompetent and a liar!
Thank you New Hampshire!
Join us in Toledo, Ohio- tomorrow night at pm! :
Join us tomorrow in Scranton, Pennsylvania at pm! :
Pocahontas bombed last night! Sad to watch.
Why arent the Democrats speaking about ISIS, bad trade deals, broken borders, police and law and order. The Republican Convention was great
Funny, if you listen to , the Democrats did not have a good day. If you listen to the other two, they are fawning. What a difference
Bernie Sanders totally sold out to Crooked Hillary Clinton. All of that work, energy and money, and nothing to show for it! Waste of time.
Elizabeth Warren, often referred to as Pocahontas, just misrepresented me and spoke glowingly about Crooked Hillary, who she always hated!
Sad to watch Bernie Sanders abandon his revolution. We welcome all voters who want to fix our rigged system and bring back our jobs.
If Cory Booker is the future of the Democratic Party, they have no future! I know more about Cory than he knows about himself.
I was at and met Juan Williams in passing. He asked if he could have pictures taken with me. I said fine. He then trashes on air!
Hard to believe that Bernie Sanders has done such a complete fold. He got NOTHING for all of the time, energy and money. The V.P. a joke!
While Bernie has totally given up on his fight for the people, we welcome all voters who want a better future for our workers.
Clinton betrayed Bernie voters. Kaine supports TPP, is in pocket of Wall Street, and backed Iraq War.
Thank you OHIO! ://
Thank you Roanoke, Virginia- be back soon! ://
MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! ://
://
Great POLL numbers are coming out all over. People dont want another four years of Obama, and Crooked Hillary would be even worse.
The State of Florida is so embarrassed by the antics of Crooked Hillary Clinton and Debbie Wasserman Schultz that they will vote for CHANGE!
Wow, the Republican Convention went so smoothly compared to the Dems total mess. But fear not, the dishonest media will find a good spinnnn!
Here we go again with another Clinton scandal, and e-mails yet (can you believe). Crooked Hillary knew the fix was in, B never had a chance!
Crooked Hillary Clinton knew everything that her "servant" was doing at the DNC - they just got caught, thats all! They laughed at Bernie.
If Bernie Sanders, after seeing the just released e-mails, continues to look exhausted and done, then his legacy will never be the same.
Thank you!
Hillary was involved in the e-mail scandal because she is the only one with judgement so bad that such a thing could have happened!
How much BAD JUDGEMENT was on display by the people in DNC in writing those really dumb e-mails, using even religion, against Bernie!
The new joke in town is that Russia leaked the disastrous DNC e-mails, which should never have been written (stupid), because Putin likes me
Watched Crooked Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine on Minutes. No way they are going to fix Americas problems. ISIS &amp; all others laughing!
The ratings for the Republican National Convention were very good, but for the final night, my speech, great. Thank you!
The highly neurotic Debbie Wasserman Schultz is angry that, after stealing and cheating her way to a Crooked Hillary victory, shes out!
The Democrats are in a total meltdown but the biased media will say how great they are doing! E-mails say the rigged system is alive &amp; well!
Even though Bernie Sanders has lost his energy and his strength, I dont believe that his supporters will let Crooked Hillary off the hook!
Crooked Hillary Clinton was not at all loyal to the person in her rigged system that pushed her over the top, DWS. Too bad Bernie flamed out
If the Republican Convention had blown up with e-mails, resignation of boss and the beat down of a big player. (Bernie), media would go wild
The panels are so one sided, almost all against Trump. is so much better and the ratings are much higher. Dont watch CNN!
I always said that Debbie Wasserman Schultz was overrated. The Dems Convention is cracking up and Bernie is exhausted, no energy left!
Today proves what I have always known, that Priebus is the tough one and the smart one, not Debbie Wasserman Shultz (.)
Sorry folks, but Bernie Sanders is exhausted, just cant go on any longer. He is trying to dismiss the new e-mails and DNC disrespect. SAD!
There is no longer a Bernie Sanders "political revolution." He is turning out to be a weak and somewhat pathetic figure,wants it all to end!
An analysis showed that Bernie Sanders would have won the Democratic nomination if it were not for the Super Delegates.
Looks like the Bernie people will fight. If not, their BLOOD, SWEAT AND TEARS was a total waste of time. Kaine stands for opposite!
Wow, President Obamas brother, Malik, just announced that he is voting for me. Was probably treated badly by president-like everybody else!
Bernie Sanders started off strong, but with the selection of Kaine for V.P., is ending really weak. So much for a movement! TOTAL DISRESPECT
The Crooked Hillary V.P. choice is VERY disrespectful to Bernie Sanders and all of his supporters. Just another case of BAD JUDGEMENT by H!

": Dinesh DSousa Hillarys America. see it"
": Kaine supported the stupidest deal in the history of deals "
Thank you to everyone for the wonderful reviews of my speech on Thursday night. From the heart!
The Wikileaks e-mail release today was so bad to Sanders that it will make it impossible for him to support her, unless he is a fraud!
Just saw Crooked Hillary and Tim Kaine together. ISIS and our other enemies are drooling. They dont look presidential to me!
I will bring jobs back and get wages up. People havent had a real wage increase in almost twenty years. Clinton killed jobs!
Tim Kaine has been praising the Trans Pacific Partnership and has been pushing hard to get it approved. Job killer!
Funny that the Democrats would have their convention in Pennsylvania where her husband and her killed so many jobs. I will bring jobs back!
Crooked Hillary Clinton has destroyed jobs and manufacturing in Pennsylvania. Against steelworkers and miners. Husband signed NAFTA.
Leaked e-mails of DNC show plans to destroy Bernie Sanders. Mock his heritage and much more. On-line from Wikileakes, really vicious. RIGGED
Pocahontas wanted V.P. slot so badly but wasnt chosen because she has done nothing in the Senate. Also, Crooked Hillary hates her!
Tim Kaine is, and always has been, owned by the banks. Bernie supporters are outraged, was their last choice. Bernie fought for nothing!
The Bernie Sanders supporters are furious with the choice of Tim Kaine, who represents the opposite of what Bernie stands for. Philly fight?
": General Michael Flynn will make a great Secretary of Defense when you become POTUS! "
I highly recommend the just out book - THE FIELD OF FIGHT - by General Michael Flynn. How to defeat radical Islam.
Is it the same Kaine that took hundreds of thousands of dollars in gifts while Governor of Virginia and didnt get indicted while Bob M did?
Another attack, this time in Germany. Many killed. God bless the people of Munich.
One of the best produced, including the incredible stage &amp; set, in the history of conventions. Great unity! Big T.V. ratings!
Thank you Cleveland. We love you and will be back many times!
What a great four days in Cleveland. So proud of the great job done by the RNC and all. The police and Secret Service were fantastic!
MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! ://
FORMAL ACCEPTANCE OF THE NOMINATION!
You can watch video live from the podium!
This is a MOVEMENT!
Thank you . Proud of you!
Great job ! ://
Other than a small group of people who have suffered massive and embarrassing losses, the party is VERY united. Great love in the arena!
Ted Cruz talks about the Constitution but doesnt say that if the Dems win the Presidency, the new JUSTICES appointed will destroy us all!
I am soooo proud of my children, Don, Eric and Tiffany - their speeches, under enormous pressure, were incredible. Ivanka intros me tonight!
Great job ! Proud of you!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Arena was packed, totally electric!
. was fantastic tonight. Will be a great V.P.
Our next Vice President of the United States of America, Gov. !
Wow, Ted Cruz got booed off the stage, didnt honor the pledge! I saw his speech two hours early but let him speak anyway. No big deal!
Great job ! Proud of you! ://
Thank you !
Thank you to Governor for such warm support. Great speech!
Thank you !
://
Watching the
John Kasich was never asked by me to be V.P. Just arrived in Cleveland - will be a great two days!
STATEMENT ON MELANIA SPEECH
The media is spending more time doing a forensic analysis of Melanias speech than the FBI spent on Hillarys emails.
Good news is Melanias speech got more publicity than any in the history of politics especially if you believe that all press is good press!
In November, I think the people of Ohio will remember that the Republicans picked Cleveland instead of going to another state. Jobs!
Bill Hemmer of was very nice in explaining the excitement and energy in the arena. More than in past years.
Congratulations to my children, Don and Tiffany, on having done a fantastic job last night. I am very proud of you!
Such a great honor to be the Republican Nominee for President of the United States. I will work hard and never let you down! AMERICA FIRST!
The ROLL CALL is beginning at the Republican National Convention. Very exciting!
://
://
": Democrats are coming to TRUMP. I used to be proud of the dem party. No more It is crooked and not for the people."
It was truly an honor to introduce my wife, Melania. Her speech and demeanor were absolutely incredible. Very proud!
Will be on tonight at :30pm - prior to Melanias speech at the . Tune in- she will do great!
! ://
Networks other than low ratings have been very fair and exciting!
. is the worst.They go to their dumb, one-sided panels when a podium speaker is for Trump! VAST MAJORITY want: Make America Great Again!
Looking forward to being at the convention tonight to watch all of the wonderful speakers including my wife, Melania. Place looks beautiful!
Thank you Mahoning County, Ohio! See you soon! ://
: STILL AHEAD: joins us at am/et!
President Obama just had a news conference, but he doesnt have a clue. Our country is a divided crime scene, and it will only get worse!
Our country is totally divided and our enemies are watching. We are not looking good, we are not looking smart, we are not looking tough!
": DonaldTrump and his running mate to appear on in first joint interview. CBS "
I will be on tonight at :00 P.M. with Mike Pence talking about LAW AND ORDER and many other subjects! Bad times for divided USA!
We are TRYING to fight ISIS, and now our own people are killing our police. Our country is divided and out of control. The world is watching
We grieve for the officers killed in Baton Rouge today. How many law enforcement and people have to...
The ratings at blow away the ratings of - not even close. Thats because CNN is the Clinton News Network and people dont like
. is much better, and far more truthful, than , which is all negative. Guests are stacked for Crooked Hillary! I dont watch.
If Goofy Elizabeth Warren, a very weak Senator, didnt lie about her heritage (being Native American) she would be nothing today. Pick her H
I hope that Crooked Hillary picks Goofy Elizabeth Warren, sometimes referred to as Pocahontas, as her V.P. Then we can litigate her fraud!
It doesnt matter that Crooked Hillary has experience, look at all of the bad decisions she has made. Bernie said she has bad judgement!
As the days and weeks go by, we see what a total mess our country (and world) is in - Crooked Hillary Clinton led Obama into bad decisions!
We are going to have a great time in Cleveland. Will lead to special results for our country. We will Make America Great Again!
Goofy Elizabeth Warren, who may be the least productive Senator in the U.S. Senate, must prove she is not a fraud. Without the con its over
Thank you to Jack Morgan, Tamara Neo, Cheryl Ann Kraft and all of my friends and supporters in Virginia. GREAT JOB!
": Great news! Weve been nominated for Irelands Best Golf Hotel .We would appreciate your vote! "
Thank you to Chris Cox and Bikers for Trump - Your support has been amazing. I will never forget. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you!
Crooked Hillary Clinton is bought and paid for by Wall Street, lobbyists and special interests. She will sell our country down the tubes!
Very sad that a person who has made so many mistakes, Crooked Hillary Clinton, can put out such false and vicious ads with her phony money!
Crooked Hillary, who embarrassed herself and the country with her e-mail lies, has been a DISASTER on foreign policy. Look whats happening!
Crooked Hillary is spending big Wall Street money on ads saying I dont have foreign policy experience, yet look what her policies have done
Look forward to introducing Governor Mike Pence (who has done a spectacular job in the great State of Indiana). My first choice from start!
Look forward to Governor Mike Pence V.P. introduction tomorrow in New York City.
I am pleased to announce that I have chosen Governor Mike Pence as my Vice Presidential running mate. News conference tomorrow at :00 A.M.
Four more years of weakness with a Crooked Hillary Administration is not acceptable. Look what has happened to the world with O &amp; Hillary!
is never more. They were crushed last night in Cleveland at Rules Committee by a vote of -12. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
My prayers and condolences to the victims and families of the terrible tragedy in Nice, France. We are with you in every way!
In light of the horrible attack in Nice, France, I have postponed tomorrows news conference concerning my Vice Presidential announcement.
Another horrific attack, this time in Nice, France. Many dead and injured. When will we learn? It is only getting worse.
I employ many people in the State of Virginia - JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! Crooked Hillary will sell us out, just like her husband did with NAFTA.
Another new poll. Thank you for your support! Join the MOVEMENT today!
Great new poll- thank you America!
I will be making the announcement of my Vice Presidential pick on Friday at am in Manhattan. Details to follow.
If I win the Presidency, we will swamp Justice Ginsburg with real judges and real legal opinions!
Even the and Editorial Boards condemned Justice Ginsburg for her ethical and legal breach. What was she thinking?
Is Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg going to apologize to me for her misconduct? Big mistake by an incompetent judge!
On my way to San Diego to raise money for the Republican Party. I am spending a lot myself and also helping others.
Voters understand that Crooked Hillarys negative ads are not true- just like her email lies and her other fraudulent activity.
Despite spending $500k a day on TV ads alone falls flat in nationwide . Having ZERO impact. Sad!!
Lyin Crooked Hillarys email stories all have one thing in common.
Is President Obama trying to destroy Israel with all his bad moves? Think about it and let me know!
The Republican platform is mostpro-Israel of all time!
New GOP platform now includes language that supports the border wall. We will build the wall and MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!
is outspending me by a combined to in Florida, Ohio, &amp; Pennsylvania. I havent started yet!
Thank you Florida, Ohio, and Pennsylvania! is not qualified.
Thank you!
Justice Ginsburg of the U.S. Supreme Court has embarrassed all by making very dumb political statements about me. Her mind is shot - resign!
THANK YOU INDIANA!
Thank you Iowa- see you soon! ://
I will be interviewed by tonight on at pm. Enjoy!
The American people agree. No free pass for !
To all the Bernie voters who want to stop bad trade deals &amp; global special interests, we welcome you with open arms. People first.
Bernie sanders has abandoned his supporters by endorsing pro-war pro-TPP pro-Wall Street Crooked Hillary Clinton.
Bernie Sanders endorsing Crooked Hillary Clinton is like Occupy Wall Street endorsing Goldman Sachs.
is not qualified!
I am somewhat surprised that Bernie Sanders was not true to himself and his supporters. They are not happy that he is selling out!
Bernie Sanders, who has lost most of his leverage, has totally sold out to Crooked Hillary Clinton. He will endorse her today - fans angry!
This election is a choice between law, order &amp; safety - or chaos, crime &amp; violence. I will make America safe again for everyone.
For too many years, our inner cities have been left behind. I am going to deliver jobs, safety and protection for those in need.
Crime is out of control, and rapidly getting worse. Look what is going on in Chicago and our inner cities. Not good!
://
Senior United States District Judge Robert E. Payne today ruled in favor of Trump campaign delegates who had argued..
Speech on Veterans Reform:
Great poll- Florida! Thank you!
Thoughts and prayers with the victims, and their families- along with everyone at the Berrien County Courthouse in St. Joseph, Michigan.
Join me in Westfield, Indiana- tomorrow night at :30pm! :
I heard that the underachieving John King of on Inside Politics was one hour of lies. Happily, few people are watching - dead network!
The media is so dishonest. If I make a statement, they twist it and turn it to make it sound bad or foolish.They think the public is stupid!
President Obama thinks the nation is not as divided as people think. He is living in a world of the make believe!
Look what is happening to our country under the WEAK leadership of Obama and people like Crooked Hillary Clinton. We are a divided nation!
New poll - thank you! ://
Way to go - you are a true champion. Proud of you!
MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!
Isnt it sad that on a day of national tragedy Hillary Clinton is answering softball questions about her email lies on ?
Due to the horrific events taking place in our country, I have decided to postpone my speech on economic opportunity- today in Miami.
Last nights horrific execution-style shootings of Dallas law enforcement officers...
Prayers and condolences to all of the families who are so thoroughly devastated by the horrors we are all watching take place in our country
After today, Crooked Hillary can officially be called Lyin Crooked Hillary.
Thank you Speaker !

Thank you Rep. Collins!
Just leaving D.C. Had great meetings with Republicans in the House and Senate. Very interesting day! These are people who love our country!
Great being in Cincinnati, Ohio last night- thank you! Off to Washington D.C. now.
Where is the outrage for this Disney book? Is this the Star of David also?Dishonest media!
To all of my twitter followers, please contribute whatever you can to the campaign. We must beat Crooked Hillary.
Convention speaker schedule to be released tomorrow. Let today be devoted to Crooked Hillary and the rigged system under which we live.
I have over seven million hits on social media re Crooked Hillary Clinton. Check it out Sleepy Eyes,
Sleepy eyes Chuck Todd, a man with so little touch for politics, is at it again.He could not have watched my standing ovation speech in N.C.
Even the once great Caesars is bankrupt in A.C. Others to follow. Ask the Democrat City Council what happened to Atlantic City.
Hillary Clinton should ask why the Democrat pols in Atlantic City made all the wrong moves - Convention Center, Airport - and destroyed City
I made a lot of money in Atlantic City and left years ago, great timing (as all know). Pols made big mistakes, now many bankruptcies.
Crooked Hillary Clinton lied to the FBI and to the people of our country. She is sooooo guilty. But watch, her time will come!
The rigged system may have helped Hillary Clinton escape criminal charges, but...
Crooked Hillary has once again been proven to be a person who is dishonest, incompetent and of very bad judgement.
Crooked Hillary Clinton and her team "were extremely careless in their handling of very sensitive, highly classified information." Not fit!
Crooked Hillary Clinton is unfit to serve as President of the U.S. Her temperament is weak and her opponents are strong. BAD JUDGEMENT!
I dont think the voters will forget the rigged system that allowed Crooked Hillary to get away with "murder." Come November , shes out!
Raised a lot of money for the Republican Party. There will be a big gasp when the figures are announced in the morning. Lots of support! Win
I will be interviewed by tonight on at pm. Enjoy!
My son, will be interviewed by tonight at pm on . Enjoy!
Looking forward to meeting with in a little while. We will be traveling to North Carolina together today.
FBI director said Crooked Hillary compromised our national security. No charges. Wow!
The system is rigged. General Petraeus got in trouble for far less. Very very unfair! As usual, bad judgment.
It was great spending time with yesterday. She has done a fantastic job for the people of Iowa and U.S. Will see her again!
Taxpayers are paying a fortune for the use of Air Force One on the campaign trail by President Obama and Crooked Hillary. A total disgrace!
On at :00 P.M. "Special: Meet the Trumps" Hope you enjoy!
Why is President Obama allowed to use Air Force One on the campaign trail with Crooked Hillary? She is flying with him tomorrow. Who pays?
With Hillary and Obama, the terrorist attacks will only get worse. Politically correct fools, wont even call it what it is - RADICAL ISLAM!
Crooked Hillary Clinton is "guilty as hell" but the system is totally rigged and corrupt! Where are the missing e-mails?
The only people who are not interested in being the V.P. pick are the people who have not been asked!
I look forward to meeting today in New Jersey. She has done a great job as Senator of Iowa!
Spent time with Indiana Governor Mike Pence and family yesterday. Very impressed, great people!
Senator Tom Cotton was great on Meet the Press yesterday. Despite a totally one-sided interview by Chuck Todd, the end result was solid!
Dishonest media is trying their absolute best to depict a star in a tweet as the Star of David rather than a Sheriffs Star, or plain star!
Happy th of July!
Crooked Hillary will NEVER be able to handle the complexities and danger of ISIS - it will just go on forever. We need change!
The third mass attack (slaughter) in days by ISIS. dead in Baghdad, worst in many years. We do not have leadership that can stop this!
In Bangladesh, hostages were immediately killed by ISIS terrorists if they were unable to cite a verse from the Koran. were killed!
I believe that Crooked Hillary sent Bill to have the meeting with the U.S.A.G. So Bill is not in trouble with H except that he got caught!
The SECRET meeting between Bill Clinton and the U.S.A.G. in back of closed plane was heightened with FBI shouting "go away, no pictures."
Does anybody really believe that Bill Clinton and the U.S.A.G. talked only about "grandkids" and golf for minutes in plane on tarmac?
"THE SYSTEM IS RIGGED!"
On Saturday a great man, Elie Wiesel, passed away.The world is a better place because of him and his belief that good can triumph over evil!
Crooked Hillary Clinton knew that her husband wanted to meet with the U.S.A.G. to work out a deal. The system is totally rigged &amp; corrupt!
Only a fool would believe that the meeting between Bill Clinton and the U.S.A.G. was not arranged or that Crooked Hillary did not know.
Just watched and how totally biased against me Chuck Todd, and the entire show, is against me.The good news-the people get it!
It was just announced-by sources-that no charges will be brought against Crooked Hillary Clinton. Like I said, the system is totally rigged!
It is impossible for the FBI not to recommend criminal charges against Hillary Clinton. What she did was wrong! What Bill did was stupid!
Thank you .
Thank you for your support!
: Reminder: last year, Clinton pledged she had turned over all work-related email under penalty of perjury
Thank you!
If I become the next POTUS- they will not be ignoring! ://
Crooked Hillary -- Makes History!
The to our Constitution is clear. The right of the people to keep &amp; bear Arms shall not be infringed upon.

The speakers slots at the Republican Convention are totally filled, with a long waiting list of those that want to speak - Wednesday release
Just read in the failing that I was not aware "the event had to be held in Cleveland" - a total lie. These people are sick!
When you cant say it - or see it -- you cant fix it. We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!
Just returned from Colorado. Amazing crowd!
Thank you for inviting me to the Western Conservative Summit in Colorado! ://
Thank you for your support! We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!
These crimes wont be happening if Im elected POTUS. Killer should have never been here. ://
Yet another terrorist attack today in Israel -- a father, shot at by a Palestinian terrorist, was killed while:
Horrible killing of a year old American girl at her home in Israel by a Palestinian terrorist. We must get tough.
. great job on FOX this morning. Keep up the good work!
Take a look at what happened w/ Bill Clinton. The system is totally rigged. Does anybody really believe that meeting was just a coincidence?
Bill Clintons meeting was a total secret. Nobody was to know about it but he was caught by a local reporter.
As Bernie Sanders said, Hillary Clinton has bad judgement. Bills meeting was probably initiated and demanded by Hillary!
://
I will be interviewed by tonight at pm on FOX! Enjoy!
The reason I put up approximately $50 million for my successful primary campaign is very simple, I want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I have self funded my winning primary campaign with an approx. $50 million loan. I have totally terminated the loan!
The very dishonest refuses to accept the fact that I have forgiven my $50 million loan to my campaign. Done deal!
One of the reasons Hillary hid her emails was so the public wouldnt see how she got rich- selling out America.
Why would college graduates want Crooked Hillary as their President? She will destroy them!
New book by is absolutely terrific and a must read!
The story with Hillary will never change.
: -39
For reasons only they can explain, the wants to continue our bad trade deals rather than renegotiating and making them better.
Tremendous day in Massachusetts and Maine. Thank you to everyone for making it so special!
": As of April this year, Hillary had spent $264,000,000 on her campaign Mr.Trump $55,000,000. self funding"
I will be on at :00 P.M. Enjoy!
ISIS exploded on Hillary Clintons watch- shes done nothing about it and never will. Not capable!
Will be in Bangor, Maine today! Join me- pmE at the Cross Insurance Center!
New Q poll out- we are going to win the whole deal- and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Just watched Senator John Barrasso on - He was great! Thank you John.
Why would the USChamber be upset by the fact that I want to negotiate better and stronger trade deals or that I want penalties for cheaters?
The must fight harder for the American worker. China, and many others, are taking advantage of U.S. with our terrible trade pacts
Iron Mike Tyson was not asked to speak at the Convention though Im sure he would do a good job if he was. The media makes everything up!
": thanks for sharing Eric we need now as this administration is incapable of keeping our country safe"
We must do everything possible to keep this horrible terrorism outside the United States.
Yet another terrorist attack, this time in Turkey. Willthe world ever realize what is going on? So sad.
Hillary Clintons Presidency would be catastrophic forthe future of our country. She is ill-fit with bad judgment.
Benghazi is just another Hillary Clinton failure. It justnever seems to work the way its supposed to with Clinton.
Check it out - nd video on Lying Crooked Hillary is now online! Watch it here:
": Canceled cable - sick of their bad coverage of you and the fawning over Clinton ... Listened to your great speech on YouTube"
": This is why I would think the unions would support for "
": also cant help but notice the stock markets reaction as was speaking. "
": lets get Trump supporters out in massive numbers and make America Great Again - create jobs"
": Good for hes smart on business. Maybe If corporations werent overtaxed they would stay. Voting for
": Ill be a guest today on Making Money with on Fox Business PM ET / PM PT Discussing . Tune in!"
. is all negative when it comes to me. I dont watch it anymore.
The media is unrelenting. They will only go with and report a story in a negative light. I called Brexit (Hillary was wrong), watch November
Crooked Hillary is wheeling out one of the least productive senators in the U.S. Senate, goofy Elizabeth Warren, who lied on heritage.
": Trump voters dont scare or back down. Our numbers are growing &amp; were taking our country BACK.
": "Under a Trump presidency, America will make brilliant new trade deals!" Donald Trump "
": Hillary read "sigh" off the Teleprompter, Shes so fake she has to be told how to feel:
": we know theyre fake just like poles during primary. Im sure u will crush in general"
The "dirty" poll done by is a disgrace. Even they admit that many more Democrats were polled. Other polls were good.
Crooked Hillary Attacks Foreign Government Donations - While Ignoring Her Own:
Crooked Hillary Clinton got Brexit wrong. I said LEAVE will win. She has no sense of markets and such bad judgement. Only a question of time
Hillary Clinton is not a change agent, just the same old status quo! She is spending a fortune, I am spending very little. Close in polls!
People in our country want borders, and without them the old line pols like Crooked Hillary will not win. It is time for CHANGE -- and JOBS!
Top Facts About Crooked Hillary Clinton From Trump Stakes Of The Election Address:
The poll sample is heavy on Democrats. Very dishonest - why would they do that? Other polls good!
Crooked Hillary just took a major ad of me playing golf at Turnberry. Shows me hitting shot, but I never did = lie! Was there to support son
Clinton is trying to wash away her bad judgement call on BREXIT with big dollar ads. Disgraceful!
Crooked Hillary Clinton, who called BREXIT % wrong (along with Obama), is now spending Wall Street money on an ad on my correct call.
George Will, one of the most overrated political pundits (who lost his way long ago), has left the Republican Party.Hes made many bad calls
Just landed in New York - a one night stay in Scotland. Turnberry came out magnificently. My son, Eric, did a great job - under budget!
Obama has blocked ICE officers and BP from doing their jobs. That ends when I am President!
I have never liked the media term mass deportation -- but we must enforce the laws of the land!
We only want to admit those who love our people and support our values.
We must suspend immigration from regions linked with terrorism until a proven vetting method is in place.
Thank you to everyone who came out &amp; joined us yesterday!
On the th tee box with my grand daughter, Kai!
Arriving with &amp; . Back to New York tonight.Video:
So funny, Crooked Hillary called BREXIT so incorrectly, and now she says that she is the one to deal with the U.K. All talk, no action!
Thoughts and prayers are with everyone in West Virginia- dealing with the devastating floods.
": And we will get it back once we have President Trump! Cant wait!"
": What has happened in the UK in the last hours is exactly what will happen in November..vote TRUMP
Many people are equating BREXIT, and what is going on in Great Britain, with what is happening in the U.S. People want their country back!
The opening of Trump Turnberry in Scotland was a big success. Good timing, I was here for BREXIT. Very exciting news conference today!
Crooked Hillary called it totally wrong on BREXIT - she went with Obama - and now she is saying we need her to lead. She would be a disaster
I want all Americans to succeed together. President Obamas illegal executive amnesty undermines job prospects for...
New Government data by the Center for Immigration Studies shows more than M new legal &amp; illegal immigrants settled..
America is proud to stand shoulder-to-shoulder w/a free &amp; ind UK. We stand together as friends, as allies, &amp; as a people w/a shared history.
Self-determination is the sacred right of all free peoples, and the people of the UK have exercised that right for all the world to see.
Getting ready to open the magnificent Turnberry in Scotland. What a great day, especially when added to the brave &amp; brilliant vote.
Statement Regarding British Referendum on E.U. Membership
Just arrived in Scotland. Place is going wild over the vote. They took their country back, just like we will take America back. No games!
Congratulations to my son, Eric, on the fantastic job he has done in rebuilding Turnberry, and its great Ailsa Course. Always support kids!
Leaving now for a one night trip to Scotland in order to be at the Grand Opening of my great Turnberry Resort. Will be back on Sat. night!
Meet the amazing mother whose letter I read during my speech. She lost her son to policies supported by Clinton.
Read my full statement here on the Supreme Courts executive amnesty decision ://
Here is another CNN lie. The Clinton News Network is losing all credibility. Im not watching it much anymore.
CNN, which is totally biased in favor of Clinton, should apologize. They knew they were wrong.
: Trumps speech today is the best persuasion I have ever seen. Game over. Now running unopposed:
Our inner cities have been left behind. We will never have the resources to support our people if we have an open border.
On immigration, Im consulting with our immigration officers&amp; our wage-earners. Hillary Clinton is consulting with Wall Street.
Obama &amp; Clinton should stop meeting with special interests, &amp; start meeting with the victims of illegal immigration.
Hillary Clintons open borders are tearing American families apart. I am going to make our country Safe Again for all Americans.
SC has kept us safe from exec amnesty--for now. But Hillary has pledged to expand it, taking jobs from Hispanic &amp; African-American workers.
: .: "I was so impressed by [] speech yesterday. He was the best Ive ever seen him." https_
Hillary Lies to Benghazi Families://
ISIS threatens us today because of the decisions Hillary Clinton has made along with President Obama." -- Donald J. Trump
"Hillary Clinton may be the most corrupt person ever to seek the presidency." -- Donald J. Trump
Thank you to Donald Rumsfeld for the endorsement. Very much appreciated. Clintons conduct has been "disqualifying."
": You have great children, future presidents...and we all see were raised right and out there for their father." Thank you.
": brilliant word response to Hillarys Im With You slogan "
": great speech today!! Its all about America and thats why you will become president!!!!" Thank you.


Hillary says things cant change. I say they have to change. Its a choice between Americanism and her corrupt globalism.
": .. Saw your interview.You are the best! Great questions, great answers" Lou is great
Crooked Hillary refuses to say that she will be raising taxes beyond belief! She will be a disaster for jobs and the economy!
I will be interviewed by tonight on pm ET
Hillary defrauded America as Secy of State. She used it as a personal hedge fund to get herself rich! Corrupt, dangerous, dishonest.
If you want to know about Hillary Clintons honesty &amp; judgment, ask the family of Ambassador Stevens.
Hillary took money and did favors for regimes that enslave women and murder gays.
I am "the king of debt."That has been great for me as a businessman, but is bad for the country. I made a fortune off of debt, will fix U.S.
Obama-Clinton inherited $10T in debt and turned it into nearly $20T. They have bankrupted_
Hillary Clintons open borders immigration policies will drive down wages for all Americans - and make everyone less safe.
How can Hillary run the economy when she cant even send emails without putting entire nation at risk?
Hillary Clinton surged the trade deficit with China % asSecretary of State, costing Americans millions of jobs.
Hillary says this election is about judgment. Shes right. Her judgement has killed thousands, unleashed ISIS and wrecked the economy.
I will be making a big speech tomorrow to discuss the failed policies and bad judgment of Crooked Hillary Clinton.
Crooked Hillary Clinton is totally unfit to be our president-really bad judgement and a temperament, according to new book, which is a mess!
I will be interviewed on now. Enjoy!
The weekend in Texas and Arizona wss fantastic. I raised a lot of money for the Republican National Committee .
When I said that if, within the Orlando club, you had some people with guns, I was obviously talking about additional guards or employees
. We are so proud of you Dustin. Your reaction under pressure was amazing. First of many Majors. You are a true CHAMPION!
": Watch out HillaryClinton _ Support __ __ __ "
Yesterdays failing fraudulently shows an empty room prior to my speech, when in fact, it was packed!
How can the NY Times show an empty room hours before my speech even started when they knew it was going to be packed? So totally dishonest!
Donald Trumps Speech Is a Game Changer. ://
See you soon Arizona!
I love you Arizona! Thank you!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!
Thank you Las Vegas, Nevada! ://
In Las Vegas, getting ready to speak!
Join me in Phoenix, Arizona today at pm!
Thank you Houston, Texas! ://
Thank you!
The convention in Cleveland will be amazing!
Thank you- on my way!
Thank you !
Join me in Phoenix, Arizona tomorrow at pm! ://
THANK YOU!
: Honored to pray for my friend, , at tonights Dallas rally. c:
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!
People very unhappy with Crooked Hillary and Obama on JOBS and SAFETY! Biggest trade deficit in many years! More attacks will follow Orlando
Amazing crowd last night in Dallas - more spirit and passion than ever before. Today, all over the great State of Texas!
": The media attack on is relentless. They are desperate. But, they keep in the news - a good thing.
Thank you Dallas, Texas!
Houston, TX: Vegas, NV, AZ:
Join me in Nevada, Las Vegas on Saturday at am. Tickets:
Join me in Houston, Texas tomorrow night at pm! Tickets:
: Flying to Dallas now with ...Reports of discord are pure fiction. Great events lined up all over Texas. Rs wil_
"Donald Trumps Speech Is a Game Changer."
The trade deficit rose to a yr high thanks to horrible trade policies Clinton supports. I will fix it fast- JOBS!
McAllen, Texas- miles fromU.S. - Mexico border. :
": is a Common Sense Conservative! President Trump=Competence, Safety, Unity, &amp; US JOBS, JOBS, JOB.
: Trumps speech today was Churchillian, only better. You can tell by the spluttering hysteria on TV about .
I will be interviewed on at :00 P.M.
Finally an accurate story from the Washington Post!
Join me in Dallas, Texas on Thursday! ://
Thank you Atlanta, Georgia! Will be back soon!
I will be meeting with the NRA, who has endorsed me, about not allowing people on the terrorist watch list, or the no fly list, to buy guns.
The press is so totally biased that we have no choice but to take our tough but fair and smart message directly to the people!
An: Media fell all over themselves criticizing what DonaldTrump "may have insinuated about ." But hes right:
Thank you Greensboro, North Carolina! Will be back soon!
TONIGHT! NORTH CAROLINA:! GEORGIA:! NEVADA:
: HAPPY st BIRTHDAY to the ! THANK YOU!
HAPPY st BIRTHDAY to the ! THANK YOU!
Thank you to the LGBT community! I will fight for you while Hillary brings in more people that will threaten your freedoms and beliefs.
AMERICA FIRST!
American must now get very tough, very smart and very vigilant. We cannot admit people into our country without extraordinary screening.
Join me in Atlanta on Wednesday- at noon! :
Crooked Hillary says we must call on Saudi Arabia and other countries to stop funding hate. I am calling on- contd:
Saudi Arabia and many of the countries that gave vast amounts of money to the Clinton Foundation- contd:
I thought people werent celebrating? They were cheering all over, even this savage from Orlando. I was right.
In my speech on protecting America I spoke about a temporary ban, which includes suspending immigration from nations tied to Islamic terror.
Based on the incredibly inaccurate coverage and reporting of the record setting Trump campaign, we are hereby:
I am no fan of President Obama, but to show you how dishonest the phony Washington Post is:
: Anyone who plans to talk about Trump ever again has to see this speech. Your opinion is irrelevant unless you listened to_
TERRORISM, IMMIGRATION, AND NATIONAL SECURITY SPEECH- TRANSCRIPT:
Congratulations to the Champions, Pittsburgh !
I am watching and how fairly they are treating me and my words, and , and the total distortion of my words and what I am saying
I will be going to New Hampshire today, home of my first primary victory, to discuss terror and the horrible events of yesterday. :30 P.M.
I have been hitting Obama and Crooked Hillary hard on not using the term Radical Islamic Terror. Hillary just broke-said she would now use!
What has happened in Orlando is just the beginning. Our leadership is weak and ineffective. I called it and asked for the ban. Must be tough
": Please make us safe. We cannot have Hillary as president. We will be in so much trouble.
Reporting that Orlando killer shouted "Allah hu Akbar!" as he slaughtered clubgoers. nd man arrested in LA with rifles near Gay parade.
Is President Obama going to finally mention the words radical Islamic terrorism? If he doesnt he should immediately resign in disgrace!
Appreciate the congrats for being right on radical Islamic terrorism, I dont want congrats, I want toughness &amp; vigilance. We must be smart!
Horrific incident in FL. Praying for all the victims &amp; their families. When will this stop? When will we get tough, smart &amp; vigilant?
Clinton made a false ad about me where I was imitating a reporter GROVELING after he changed his story. I would NEVER mock disabled. Shame!
Really bad shooting in Orlando. Police investigating possible terrorism. Many people dead and wounded.
Goofy Elizabeth Warren, sometimes referred to as Pocahontas, pretended to be a Native American in order to advance her career. Very racist!
Riley Rone was a great young man. We will miss him dearly.
Join me on Tuesday- in Greensboro, North Carolina!
Thank you Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania! Will be back soon!
Thank you to our amazing law enforcement officers!
Thank you Tampa, Florida!
Sad case- did article saying I dont pay bills- false, only dont pay when work is shoddy, bad, or not done! They should do same!
In Tampa, Florida- thank you to all of our outstanding volunteers who want to !
Don King, and so many other African Americans who know me well and endorsed me, would not have done so if they thought I was a racist!
Mitt Romney had his chance to beat a failed president but he choked like a dog. Now he calls me racist-but I am least racist person there is
Thank you Richmond, Virginia!
Thank you Coalition! An honor joining you today- to discuss our shared values.
Heading to Richmond, Virginia now. Join me tonight! :

I rarely agree with President Obama- however he is % correct about Crooked Hillary Clinton. Great ad!
VIDEOcahontas describing Crooked Hillary Clinton as a Corporate Donor Puppet. Time for change! ://
Heading to D.C. to speak at Faith and Freedom Coalition and visit OPO.
"Donald Trump Plans To Continue GOPLegacy Of Leading On Womens, Civil Rights Against Racist, Sexist Democrats"
The great boxing promoter, Don King, just endorsed me. Nice!
Will be interviewed on by tonight at :00 P.M. Enjoy!
Hillary Clinton is unfit to be president. She has bad judgement, poor leadership skills and a very bad and destructive track record. Change!
I am watching very little lately because they are so biased against me. Shows are predictable garbage! CNN and MSM is one big lie!
The Clinton News Network, sometimes referred to as , is getting more and more biased.They act so indignant-hear them behind closed doors
": Our ineffective has to make a speech in to make everything look great. Mr. Trump "
I will be interviewed by tonight at pm on . Enjoy!
Thank you Attorney General Gonzales, so many people feel this way.
We just had the worst jobs report since .
The Mayor of San Jose did a terrible job of ordering the protection of innocent people. The thugs were lucky supporters remained peaceful!
Many of the thugs that attacked the peaceful Trump supporters in San Jose were illegals. They burned the American flag and laughed at police
": Thank You Mr. Trump for Standing up for Our Country! JOIN ME ON THE "
": Heres The HILLARY UNIVERSITY Scandal No One In The Media Is Talking About "
Muhammad Ali is dead at ! A truly great champion and a wonderful guy. He will be missed by all!
: WATCH NOW: The supporters youd never expect
Thank you Redding, California!
Great evening in San Jose other than the thugs. My supporters are far tougher if they want to be, but fortunately they are not hostile.
So much interest in my visit to Scotland! I greatly look forward to attending the opening event - taking place on June th.
"Im a former chief of police in a border town. Im Hispanic, Im proud to be Hispanic and Im % behind Trump."
In Crooked Hillarys telepromter speech yesterday, she made up things that I said or believe but have no basis in fact. Not honest!
I dont watch or do anymore. Small audience, low ratings! I hear Mika has gone wild with hate. Joe is Joe. They lost their way!
Rally last night in San Jose was great. Tremendous love and enthusiasm in the hall. Big crowd. Outside, small group of thugs burned Am flag!
Terrible jobs report just reported. Only jobs added. Bombshell!
": Yes! Hubby and I voted already! " Thank you.
": I think the first female president of the USA will be a beautiful intelligent young genuine successful lady!"
": This is rich coming from her. She tweeted you will be president! "
": Clinton says Trump is dangerous. Whos the one who killed Americans in Benghazi? "
": Looks like several legal Hispanics supporting Trump! They know he will be good for them too."
Then, on June th- back to the USA to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
After , I will visit in Ireland, the magnificent resort fronting on the Atlantic Ocean.
After I will be visiting Aberdeen, the oil capital of Europe, to see my great club, .
On June - I will be going to Scotland to celebrate the opening of the newly renovated Resort, the worlds best.
Join me in Redding, California- tomorrow at :00pm. :
.- Thank you for the nice piece in / .Keep up the great work!
: Beautiful article about written by my friend, the incredibly talented golfer Natalie Gulbis:
": Only Trump can save America. Right leader at the right time." THANK YOU!
": shes a criminal and youre the only person that can stop her."
": THIS IS LEGACY! AN ABSOLUTE DISASTER!!! WE NEED NOW!!
": A vote for Trump is a vote to restore our great country."
A % increase in Texas Blue Cross/Blue Shield through ObamaCare. I told you so, there is panic and anger as healthcare costs explode!
So great to have the endorsement and support of Paul Ryan. We will both be working very hard to Make America Great Again!
Join me in Redding, California tomorrow at pm! ://
Bad performance by Crooked Hillary Clinton! Reading poorly from the telepromter! She doesnt even look presidential!
Crooked Hillary no longer has credibility - too much failure in office. People will not allow another four years of incompetence!
Crooked Hillary Clinton, who I would love to call Lyin Hillary, is getting ready to totally misrepresent my foreign policy positions.
After the litigation is disposed of and the case won, I have instructed my execs to open Trump U(?), so much interest in it! I will be pres.
Even though I have a very biased and unfair judge in the Trump U civil case in San Diego, I have thousands of great reviews &amp; will win case!
With all of the Crooked Hillary Clintons foreign policy experience, she has made so many mistakes - and I mean real monsters! No more HRC.
Join me in San Jose, California- tonight! :
Wow, USA Today did todays cover story on my record in lawsuits. Verdict: wins, losses. Isnt that what you want for your president?
Do you ever notice that gives me very little proper representation on my policies. Just watched-nobody knew anything about my foreign P
Bernie Sanders was right when he said that Crooked Hillary Clinton was not qualified to be president because she suffers from BAD judgement!
Crooked Hillary Clinton has zero natural talent - she should not be president. Her temperament is bad and her decision making ability-zilch!
": I already voted for you! My wife did as well! I represent ! We represent !
": Not for slackers! Happy w/courses I took." Thanks.
Thank you Sacramento, California!
Same failing "reporter" who wrote discredited womens story last week wrote another terrible story on me today- will never learn!
Crooked Hillary Clinton is a fraud who has put the public and country at risk by her illegal and very stupid use of e-mails. Many missing!
Join me in San Jose, California- tomorrow evening at pm! ://
So I raised/gave $5,600,000 for the veterans and the media makes me look bad! They do anything to belittle - totally biased.
Congratulations to on his tremendous increase in television ratings. Speaking of ratings- I will be on his show tonight pE.
I am getting great credit for my press conference today. Crooked Hillary should be admonished for not having a press conference in days.
Katie Couric, the third rate reporter, who has been largely forgotten, should be ashamed of herself for the fraudulent editing of her doc.
I will be interviewed on tonight at pmE on . Enjoy!
Join me in Sacramento, California-tomorrow evening pm! ://
So many veterans groups are beyond happy with all of the money I raised/gave! It was my great honor - they do an amazing job.
Just finished a press conference in Trump Tower wherein I gave information on which VETERANS groups got the $5,600,000 that I raised/gave!
I have raised/given a tremendous amount of money to our great VETERANS, and have got nothing but bad publicity for doing so. Watch!
So many great things happening - new poll numbers looking good! News conference at :00 A.M. today, Trump Tower!
Wow, an all Trump night on Kelly File at :00 P.M. and at :00 P.M. Enjoy!
I should have easily won the Trump University case on summary judgement but have a judge, Gonzalo Curiel, who is totally biased against me.
I have a judge in the Trump University civil case, Gonzalo Curiel (San Diego), who is very unfair. An Obama pick. Totally biased-hates Trump
I hope everyone had a great Memorial Day!
I would have had millions of votes more in the primaries (than Crooked Hillary) if I only had one opponent, instead of sixteen. Broke record
Have a great Memorial Day and remember that we will soon MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
": Trump rallies veterans at annual Rolling Thunder Gathering "
": how many of donalds rolling thunder brigade will sign up and go to war for him in the middle east."
": Trump Supports Rolling Thunder Rally STRONG " So true, and remember the M.I.A.s!
": Donald Trump and Bikers Share Affection at Rolling Thunder Rally " A great day in D.C.!
": "Illegals are taken care of better than our veterans." "
The endorsement of me by the Border Patrol Agents was the first time that they ever endorsed a presidential candidate. Nice!
In getting the endorsement of the Border Patrol Agents (thank you), the statement was made that the WALL was very necessary!
Obama says a WALL at our southern border wont enhance our security (wrong) and yet he now wants to build a much bigger wall (fence) at W.H.
If dummy Bill Kristol actually does get a spoiler to run as an Independent, say good bye to the Supreme Court!
The Republican Party has to be smart &amp; strong if it wants to win in November. Cant allow lightweights to set up a spoiler Indie candidate!
Bill Kristol has been wrong for yrs-an embarrassed loser, but if the GOP cant control their own, then they are not a party. Be tough, Rs!
Good news is that my campaign has perhaps more cash than any campaign in the history of politics- b/c I stand % behind everything we do.
Heading to D.C. to see and hear ROLLING THUNDER. Amazing people that LOVE OUR COUNTRY. Great spirit!
Honor Memorial Day by thinking of and respecting all of the great men and women that gave their lives for us and our country! We love them.
Does President Obama ever discuss the sneak attack on Pearl Harbor while hes in Japan? Thousands of American lives lost.
Dont believe the biased and phony media quoting people who work for my campaign. The only quote that matters is a quote from me!
I am always on the front page of the failing , but when I won the GOP nomination, Im in the back of the paper. Very dishonest!
The media is on a new phony kick about my management style. I spend much less money &amp; get much better results! What we need as Prez!
The failing wrote a story about my management style &amp; that I dont have many people. I have , Hillary has - &amp; Im beating her.
I (we) broke the all-time record for most votes gotten in a Republican Primary - by a lot - and with many states left to go! Thank you.
The U.S. has treaties with other countries where we would have to defend them and their borders. How nice, but what do we get? NOT ENOUGH
Great rally in Fresno, California- great crowd! Thank you!
Obama administration fails to screen Syrian refugees social media accounts:
.- Fantastic job on handling the thugs who tried to disrupt our very peaceful and well attended rally. Greatly appreciated!
Thank you - many friends just told me you gave a very kind shoutout at MSG. Appreciate it- love your music!
Wow- in San Diego, California!Thank you!!
I am on tonight, a big special. at :00 P.M. ENJOY!
Bill OReilly doing a major special on tonight- at pmE. Watch it, should be good!
AN AMERICA FIRST ENERGY PLAN ://
Poll data shows that does by far the best in holding onto his Senate seat in Florida. Important to keep the MAJORITY. Run Marco!
Today we, together, won the Republican Nomination for President!
My wife , and my children will be featured on with - pmE. Enjoy!
Celebrating ! ://
Thank you! ://
I find it offensive that Goofy Elizabeth Warren, sometimes referred to as Pocahontas, pretended to be Native American to get in Harvard.
Thank you Mr. &amp; Mrs. for the wonderful and magical evening last night. It will not be forgotten.
.- just watched you on - thank you!
The Inspector Generals report on Crooked Hillary Clinton is a disaster. Such bad judgement and temperament cannot be allowed in the W.H.
I will be interviewed by on tonight at :35pm! Enjoy!
Thank you Anaheim, California!
Thank you Washington! Honored to say, on behalf of our great movement, we have broken the all time record for votes in GOP primary history.
The protesters in New Mexico were thugs who were flying the Mexican flag. The rally inside was big and beautiful, but outside, criminals!
Crooked Hillary Clinton just cant close the deal with Bernie. I had to knock out very good and smart candidates. Hillary doesnt have it
Goofy Senator Elizabeth Warren has done less in the U.S. Senate than practically any other senator. All talk, no action!
Goofy Elizabeth Warren, sometimes known as Pocahontas, bought foreclosed housing and made a quick killing. Total hypocrite!
": Washington, BIG Thank You for supporting Trump! We are all going to help Trump Make America Great Again! Trump2016!"
": high energy!"
": Great speech tonight Mr.Trump! Good Luck in California! Thank you.
": congratulations from India"
": UP TO MILLION FOLLOWERS. CANT STOP THE __ "
": "
": Great job! Make America Great Again!"
Goofy Elizabeth Warren, sometimes referred to as Pocahontas because she faked the fact she is native American, is a lowlife!
Great rally in New Mexico, amazing crowd! Now in L.A. Big rally in Anaheim.
Thank you Washington!
Great honor to receive todays endorsement of . Really nice!
After raising, w/ no obligation, almost $6M for Vets, I couldnt believe protesters formed Trump Tower. JUST OUT- SENT BY CROOKED HILLARY!
Thank you - for setting the failing story straight. This is what the NYTs should have written!
A suggestion for the dishonest media-
A wonderfully written article concerning Israel by
A great new book has been written about Crooked Hillary. Read it &amp; you will never be able to vote for her.
Crooked Hillary Clinton overregulates, overtaxes and doesnt care about jobs. Most importantly, she suffers from plain old bad judgement!
I just released my financial disclosure forms, the largest numbers in the history of the F.E.C. Even the dishonest media thinks great!
Amazingly, with all of the money I have raised for the vets, I have got nothing but bad publicity from the dishonest and disgusting media.
Much of the money I have raised for our veterans has already been distributed, with the rest to go shortly to various other veteran groups.
While under no obligation to do so, I have raised between &amp; million dollars, including million dollars from me, for our VETERANS. Nice!
Join me in California or Montana!5/25/16: Anaheim, California: Billings, Montana
I will be interviewed on at :00 P.M. Enjoy!
Obamas VA Secretary just said we shouldnt measurewait times. Hillary says VA problems are not widespread. I will take care ofour vets!
Is Hillary really protecting women?
In trade, military and EVERYTHING else, it will be AMERICA FIRST! This will quickly lead to our ultimate goal: MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you America!
The American people are sick and tired of not being able to lead normal lives and to constantly be on the lookout for terror and terrorists!
Bernie Sanders is continuing his quest because he believes that Crooked Hillary Clinton will be forced out of the race - e-mail scandal!
Join me on Wednesday, May th at the Anaheim Convention Center! :
Crooked Hillary wants a radical % increase in Syrian refugees. We cant allow this. Time to get smart and protect America!
How can Crooked Hillary say she cares about women when she is silent on radical Islam, which horribly oppresses women?
: BREAKING POLL: Trump Gains Points on Clinton Since March=&gt; Now Leads Crooked Hillary -44 vi_
Why do the networks continue to put dopey on panels when he has called every single shot about me wrong for yrs?
Hillary Clinton is not qualified to be president because her judgement has been proven to be so bad! Would be four more years of stupidity!
I will be interviewed on at :30 A.M. Enjoy!
Crooked Hillary said that I want guns brought into the school classroom. Wrong!
": I trust more anyone ever to protect America.He WILL do the right thing for the U.S.A, without a doubt.
Thank you to all of the men and women who have served our country. You are our true heroes!
Crooked Hillary Clintons foreign interventions unleashed ISIS in Syria, Iraq and Libya. She is reckless and dangerous!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
. is so negative, getting even worse as I get closer. Just had two anti-Trump losers with zero rebuttal from my team. Turning off!
": Hillary wants to rip the guns out of Americas hands. No guns = no protection. Get on &amp; join to stop her."
Crooked Hillary wants to get rid of all guns and yet she is surrounded by bodyguards who are fully armed. No more guns to protect Hillary!
While our wonderful president was out playing golf all day, the TSA is falling apart, just like our government! Airports a total disaster!
Crooked Hillary is spending tremendous amounts of Wall Street money on false ads against me. She is a very dishonest person!
Crooked Hillary Clinton wants to essentially abolish the nd Amendment. No gun owner can ever vote for Clinton!
Thank you for the wonderful statement that "the new par th hole Turnberry could be the most dramatic in Britain."
Colin, great to have you at Trump Turnberry. So proud of you and your GREAT playing! You made winning MAJORS look easy!
": Best Links Course in Britain. Ailsa Course opens June Cant wait to play it "
Thank you for your wonderful endorsement today . It means a great deal to me. We will not disappoint!
Great day in Kentucky with Wayne LaPierre, Chris Cox &amp; the !
Thank you! An honor to be the first candidate ever endorsed by the - prior to !
Failing will always take a good story about me and make it bad. Every article is unfair and biased. Very sad!
Thanks !"Trump is the most unpredictable, extraordinary, entertaining&amp;massively popular candidate this country has ever seen."
Crooked Hillary Clinton- discussing the at a private event. cc:
I am on my way! See you all soon!
"A Call for Unity" by Jason Greenblatt
Crooked Hillary cant even close the deal with Bernie - and the Dems have it rigged in favor of Hillary. Four more years of this? No way!
Crooked Hillary Clinton looks presidential? I dont think so! Four more years of Obama and our country will never come back. ISIS LAUGHS!
Look where the world is today, a total mess, and ISIS is still running around wild. I can fix it fast, Hillary has no chance!
Crooked Hillary has zero imagination and even less stamina. ISIS, China, Russia and all would love for her to be president. more years!
I said that Crooked Hillary Clinton is "not qualified" to be president because she has "very bad judgement" - Bernie said the same thing!
Thank you . We will respond to terrorism with strength in !
How quality a woman is Rowanne Brewer Lane to have exposed the as a disgusting fraud? Thank you Rowanne.
Looks like yet another terrorist attack. Airplane departed from Paris. When will we get tough, smart and vigilant? Great hate and sickness!
My list of potential U.S. Supreme Court Justices was very well recieved. During the next number of weeks I may be adding to the list!
Some low-life journalist claims that I "made a pass" at her years ago. Never happened! Like the story which has become a joke!
://
Thank you Louisiana!
Thank you Arizona! See you soon!
Why did Clinton supporter declare Crooked Hillary winner in KY when AP hasnt even called the race?
Bernie Sanders is being treated very badly by the Democrats - the system is rigged against him. Many of his disenfranchised fans are for me!
Paul Begala, the dopey flunky and head of the Pro-Hillary Clinton Super PAC, has knowingly committed fraud in his first ad against me.
": Trump for President! Bernie is a joke, knows nothing - and Hillary is yesterdays and todays nightmare"
": The Trump movement will not be stopped. We support Trump because he is a true American looking out for ."
Congratulations to THE MOVEMENT, we have just won THE GREAT STATE OF OREGON. The vote percentage is even higher than anticipated! Thank you.
Thank you Oregon!
": Hillary Just Handed a Huge Gift: Promising to Put Bubba in Charge of the Economy! !
": No way I believe Trump at % disapproval with women. Went to rallies. At least /2 women. MSM LIES "
Michael Barbaro, the author of the now discredited hit piece on me with women, has in past tweeted badly about me. He should resign
": He will destroy Hillary but why give CNN record breaking ratings CNN can go to hell. Trump "
I look so forward to debating Crooked Hillary Clinton! Democrat Primaries are rigged, e-mail investigation is rigged - so time to get it on!
I cant believe that would allow the very nice Jeffrey Lord to be savaged by a panel of seven Trump haters. to - Dont watch CNN!
": That man is a pillar of strength and will be perfect as our next president
Well, that is it. Well done Megyn --- and they all lived happily ever after! Now let us all see how "THE MOVEMENT" does in Oregon tonight!
Will go back on for a final question now!
": Amazing job"
": Great interview! Happy you had a chance to show the other side of you. Never change, never forget you are our messenger!"
I like Michael Douglas!
": . Best interview that I have ever seen.
": Great interview Megyn"
": and we love you Diamond and Silk" I do also!
": Donald u have done a terrific job so far on the interview. Cannot wait until u r president
": Thats why he is so successful. He is driven to succeed" True!
": Lovely interview, Mr. Trump! " Thanks.
": Watched the Megan Kelly special and I must say..it was very well done on both their parts"
": We actually really do love you!" Great!
": Thank you for this discourse. Wounds have been healed. Great job!"
": it was refreshing to see you both in a different light. Well done."
": Trump is a great man and is FIGHTING for We The People!"
": we need Trump more then ever Megyn. Thanks.
": we need Trump more then ever Megan Please dont lose it for America for us!"
": Kudos to and for rising above the drama and coming together. Very respectful and classy _"
": Made me feel good to hear you both so gracious. Great job"
": You are a fighter and we LOVE that about you! Dont listen to these people who want you to change!"
": great interview with !" Thanks.
": One thing we know for sure supporters will turn to - absolutely not "
": speaks from the heart all of America.His intention is for a positive future all.
"naldTrump, you are fearless! This interview shows you are the Leader we need. is a tough interview! Respect to both"
": whats with the soft wimpy questions?!? Its not a therapy session ..!!" Not really soft at all!
": amazing on Megan Kelly" Thanks.
": . Watching you on Fox with now. Cant wait to hear what you two talked about."
I will be live tweeting Show in minutes. Should be interesting. Will be on Fox Network! ENJOY!
Wall Street paid for ad is a fraud, just like Crooked Hillary! Their main line had nothing to do with women, and they knew it. Apologize?
Do you think Crooked Hillary will finally close the deal? If she cant win Kentucky, she should drop out of race. System rigged!
I will be live tweeting my interview with on the Fox Network tonight at ! Enjoy!
I look forward to watching tonight, PM ET. It will be interesting to see how she treats meI think she will be very fair.
How can Crooked Hillary put her husband in charge of the economy when he was responsible for NAFTA, the worst economic deal in U.S. history?
Crooked Hillary said her husband is going to be in charge of the economy.If so, he should run,not her.Will he bring the "energizer" to D.C.?
at clerks offices &amp; ballot drop boxes in !Closes at pm!
Crooked Hillary cant close the deal with Bernie Sanders. Will be another bad day for her!
Amazing that Crooked Hillary can do a hit ad on me concerning women when her husband was the WORST abuser of woman in U.S. political history
Oregon is voting today. Keep the big numbers going - VOTE TRUMP! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Crooked Hillary Clinton put out an ad where I am misquoted on women. Cant believe she would misrepresent the facts! My hit was on China
The pathetic new hit ad against me misrepresents the final line. "You can tell them to go BLANK themselves" - was about China, NOT WOMEN!
Wow, e-mails were deleted by Crooked Hillary Clinton. She said they had to do with a wedding reception. Liar! How can she run?
": OREGON votes today! Go vote for and kick it BIG TIME! "
What Barbara Res does not say is that she would call my company endlessly, and for years, trying to come back. I said no.
I gave a woman named Barbara Res a top N.Y. construction job, when that was unheard of, and now she is nasty. So much for a nice thank you!
"In politics, and in life, ignorance is not a virtue." This is a primary reason that President Obama is the worst president in U.S. history!
The writer of the now proven false story in the , Michael Barbaro, who was interviewed on CBS this morning, was unable to respond.
Over women were interviewed by the yet they only wrote about . Thats because there were so many positive statements.
No wonder the is failingwho can believe what they write after the false, malicious &amp; libelous story they did on me.
The failing is greatly embarrassed by the totally dishonest story they did on my relationship with women.
Rowanne Brewer, the most prominently depicted woman in the failing story yesterday joined .
Thank you, Anthony "The Entrepreneurs Case for Trump"
With the coming forward today of the woman central to the failing hit piece on me, we have exposed the article as a fraud!
A political commentator for , which I no longer watch, said "Trump showed some weakness in the Repub Primaries." I set all-time record!
Wow, Rowanne Brewer, the most prominently depicted woman in the failing story yesterday, was on saying Times lied
The is so dishonest. Their hit piece cover story on me yesterday was just blown up by Rowanne Brewer, who said it was a lie!
The is so dishonest. Their hit piece cover story on me yesterday was just blown up by Roseanne Brewer, who said it was a lie!
That was an amazing interview on - I hope the rest of the media picks it up to show how totally dishonest the is!
Wow, Rosanne Brewer Lane, the most prominently depicted women in the failing story yesterday,is on saying Times lied
Bernie Sanders is being treated very badly by the Dems. The system is rigged against him. He should run as an independent! Run Bernie, run.
Great new poll- thank you!
The report on potential VP candidates is wrong. Marco Rubio and most others mentioned are NOT under consideration.
Thank you Georgia! See you soon!
The media is really on a witch-hunt against me. False reporting, and plenty of it - but we will prevail!
Why did the failing refuse to use any of the names given to them that I was so proud to have helped with their careers. DISHONEST!
Wow, I have had so many calls from high ranking people laughing at the stupidity of the failing piece. Massive front page for that!
Why doesnt the failing write the real story on the Clintons and women? The media is TOTALLY dishonest!
": keep shining....the ppl will not let the media dim your light...we no longer believe them! " Thanks.
": Everyone continues to pile onto Donald, but they can NEVER take away our votes!" Thank you!
Everyone is laughing at the for the lame hit piece they did on me and women.I gave them many names of women I helped-refused to use
": OHIO WOMEN FOR TRUMP "
": Leicester &amp; DonaldTrump seem to have the same trajectory, both were written off, but they keep scaling the heights. History?
": Im a women &amp; I % support &amp; I have since the beginning. Thank you!
The failing wrote yet another hit piece on me. All are impressed with how nicely I have treated women, they found nothing. A joke!
Thank you for the nice words this morning . Well delivered and totally logical!
": Sheldon Adelson Pledges $100 Million to Elect Trump President - Breitbart "
Wow, is really working hard to make me look as bad as possible. Very unprofessional. Hurting in ratings - bad television!
Great new poll- thank you!
If Crooked Hillary Clinton cant close the deal on Crazy Bernie, how is she going to take on China, Russia, ISIS and all of the others?
An incredible honor to receive the endorsement of a person Ihave such tremendous respect for. Thank you, Sheldon!
. Your story about me &amp; the carbon tax is absolutely incorrectit is just the opposite. I will not support or endorse a carbon tax!
Will be interviewed on Good Morning America at :00 A.M. and the at :10 A.M. ALSO, at :30 A.M. ENJOY!
Senator Lindsey Graham called me yesterday, very much to my surprise, and we had a very interesting talk about national security, and more!
Great meeting with Mitch McConnell and Republican leaders in D.C.
Great day in D.C. with and Republican leadership. Things working out really well!
If it were up to goofy Elizabeth Warren, wed have no jobs in Americashe doesnt have a clue.
In interview I told that my taxes are under routine audit and I would release my tax returns when audit is complete, not after election!
Isnt it funny when a failed Senator like goofy Elizabeth Warren can spend a whole day tweeting about Trump &amp; gets nothing done in Senate?
Goofy Elizabeth Warren lied when she says I want to abolish the Federal Minimum Wage. See mediaasking for increase!
Our Native American Senator, goofy Elizabeth Warren, couldnt care less about the American worker_does nothing to help!
Goofy Elizabeth Warren is now using the womans card like her friend crooked Hillary. See her dumb tweet when a woman stands up to you_
If the people of Massachusetts found out what an ineffective Senator goofy Elizabeth Warren has been, she would lose!
Thanks Piers.

: Duck Dynasty star Phil Robertson says hell back Trump for president via
Goofy Elizabeth Warren didnt have the guts to run for POTUS. Her phony Native American heritage stops that and VP cold.
Goofy Elizabeth Warren has been one of the least effective Senators in the entire U.S. Senate. She has done nothing!
I dont want to hit Crazy Bernie Sanders too hard yet because I love watching what he is doing to Crooked Hillary. His time will come!
Big wins in West Virginia and Nebraska. Get ready for November - Crooked Hillary, who is looking very bad against Crazy Bernie, will lose!
Thank you Nebraska!
Thank you West Virginia!
: LOUISIANA GENERAL ELECTIONDonald Trump vs. Hillary Clinton
: OHIO GENERAL ELECTIONDonald Trump vs. Hillary Clinton
The Clintons spend millions on negative ads on me &amp; I cant tell the truth about her husband? Dont feel sorry for crooked Hillary!
Hillary has bad judgment!
It was so great being in Nebraska last week. Today is the big day--get out and vote!
I look very much forward to meeting w/Paul Ryan &amp; the GOP Party Leadership on Thurs in DC. Together, we will beat the Dems at all levels!
Via and Jason Greenblatt "Donald Trump is a Visionary With Talents Our Country Needs"
WEST VIRGINIA TODAY! ://
NEBRASKA TODAY! ://
It is only the people that were never asked to be VP that tell the press that they will not take the position.
It was Rosie ODonnell who ate the cake in the vicious Hillary commercial about me, not Crooked Hillary!
Why does the media, with a strong push from Crooked Hillary, keep pushing the false narrative that I want to raise taxes. Exactly opposite!
. Great job on this morning. Thank you for the nice words!
Get out and vote Nebraska, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Get out and vote West Virginia, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
": __I am a woman &amp; I JUST VOTED FOR "
Thank you Jason Greenblatt "For Our Children: Lets Elect Donald Trump"
: interesting poll results so far (and go vote on )
I am lowering taxes far more than any other candidate. Any negotiated increase by Congress to my proposal would still be lower than current!
I will have set the all time record in primary votes in the Republican party --despite having to compete against other people!
If I only had person running against me in the primaries like Hillary Clinton, I would have gotten million more votes than she did!
Crooked Hillary Clinton says that she got more primary votes than Donald Trump. But I had people to beatshe had one!
://
://
": Is Chris serious, lying or misinformed? Bill Clinton signed NAFTA "
" The liars that signed the pledge and now wont support IS the reason they are losers
": you had a great interview with Donald today! I started watching your show due to Donald Trump.
Will be interviewed by on at :30 A.M. Enjoy!
": good interview Mr. Trump. You set the facts straight." Thank you.
Wow, I hear has gone really hostile ever since I said I wont do or watch the show anymore.They misrepresent my positions!
I will be interviewed on at :00 A.M.
. Russell Moore is truly a terrible representative of Evangelicals and all of the good they stand for. A nasty guy with no heart!
": On was on the ball &amp; is in a time warped stupor. will EXPAND
I will be interviewed on at :00 A.M.
I will win the election against Crooked Hillary despite the people in the Republican Party that are currently and selfishly opposed to me!
On show now. ENJOY!
Crooked Hillary just cant close the deal with Bernie. It will be the same way with ISIS, and China on trade, and Mexico at the border. Bad!
. Kellyanne, you were fantastic on today. Keep going - I will win for the people. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I will be interviewed on this morning. Enjoy!
I will be interviewed on This Week with George S this morning. Enjoy!
!
": I want a leader that will shoot straight with us. The politicians cant. will give his all for us!
. thank you for your support tonight on .
Remember when the two failed presidential candidates, Lindsey Graham and Jeb Bush, signed a binding PLEDGE? They broke the deal, no honor!
I am honored that the great men and women of the have created a movement from within called Teamsters for Trump! Thank you.
I am going to keep our jobs in the U.S., and totally rebuild our crumbling infrastructure. Crooked Hillary has no clue!
Join me in Washington today!Spokane tickets: tickets:
Goofy Elizabeth Warren is weak and ineffective. Does nothing. All talk, no action -- maybe her Native American name?
Goofy Elizabeth Warren and her phony Native American heritage are on a Twitter rant. She is too easy! Im driving her nuts.
Crooked Hillary Clinton wants completely open borders. Millions of Democrats will run from her over this and support me.
Just met with courageous family of Sarah Root in Nebraska. Sarah was horribly killed by illegal immigrant, but leaves behind amazing legacy.
Goofy Elizabeth Warren, Hillary Clintons flunky, has a career that is totally based on a lie. She is not Native American.
Lets properly check goofy Elizabeth Warrens records to see if she is Native American. I say shes a fraud!
I hope corrupt Hillary Clinton chooses goofy Elizabeth Warren as her running mate. I will defeat them both.
Response to :
I hear of rapidly fading is pushing hard for a third party candidate to run. This will guarantee a Crooked Hillary win.
Joe Scarborough initially endorsed Jeb Bush and Jeb crashed, then John Kasich and that didnt work. Not much power or insight!
Thank you to teachers across America! When I become POTUS we will make education a far more important component of our life than it is now.
Crooked Hillary has ZERO leadership ability. As Bernie Sanders says, she has bad judgement. Constantly playing the womens card - it is sad!
Paul Ryan said that I inherited something very special, the Republican Party. Wrong, I didnt inherit it, I won it with millions of voters!
": Many would say that you are the only talented person running for the top job this time! "
So many great endorsements yesterday, except for Paul Ryan! We must put America first and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Governor Rick Perry said "Donald Trump is one of the most talented people running for the Presidency Ive ever seen." Thank you Rick!
Unlike crooked Hillary Clinton, who wants to destroy all miners, I want wages to go up in America. We will do so by bringing back jobs!
Thank you West Virginia. Lets keep it going. Go out and vote on Tuesday - we will win big.
Can you believe Crooked Hillary said, "We are going to put a whole lot of coal miners&amp;coal companies out of business." She then apologized.
Join me tomorrow! , Nebraska:, Oregon:
Bernie Sanders has been treated terribly by the Democratsboth with delegates &amp; otherwise. He should show them, &amp; run as an Independent.
Happy ! The best taco bowls are made in Trump Tower Grill. I love Hispanics!
I will be interviewed by at pm ET tonight
Many reports that I will be attending the Alvarez/Khan fight this weekend in Vegas. Totally untrue! Unfortunately I have other plans.
Join me in Charleston, WV - tomorrow!
I will be interviewed on at :30 A.M. Enjoy!
I will be interviewed on and Good Morning America at :00 A.M.
I will be interviewed on at :15 A.M. Enjoy!
I would rather run against Crooked Hillary Clinton than Bernie Sanders and that will happen because the books are cooked against Bernie!
What a great evening we had. So interesting that Sanders beat Crooked Hillary. The dysfunctional system is totally rigged against him!
. Please correct, I WON Virginia!
Thank you Indiana, we were just projected to be the winner. We have won in every category. You are very special people-I will never forget!
Thank you Indiana!
Lyin Ted Cruz consistently said that he will, and must, win Indiana. If he doesnt he should drop out of the race-stop wasting time &amp; money
Wow, Lyin Ted Cruz really went wacko today. Made all sorts of crazy charges. Cant function under pressure - not very presidential. Sad!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! ://
Polls close at pm! ://
Thank you America! ://
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! ://
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! ://
Thank you South Bend, Indiana! Everyone get out &amp; tomorrow! ://
: Wow! I am speechless! Thank you to my sidekick who keeps me &amp; the in line!
Will be in South Bend, Indiana in a short while -- big rally! See you soon!
Will be interviewed on tonight at pmE. Enjoy!
THANK YOU AMERICA!
: Donald Trump Jr. On The Record: Why Trump International Hotels And Residences Are Still Winning via
Thank you Carmel, Indiana! Get out &amp; tomorrow!
Honored to have received the endorsement of Lou Holtz - a great guy!
I will defeat Crooked Hillary Clinton on /8/2016.
I will be campaigning in Indiana all day. Things are looking great, and the support of Bobby Knight has been so amazing. Today will be fun!
Everybody is talking about the protesters burning the American flags and proudly waving Mexican flags. I want America First - so do voters!
Gov Mike Pence has just stated that Donald Trump has taken a strong stance on Hoosier jobs, and he thanks me! I will bring back jobs to USA.
Crooked Hillary Clinton said she is used to "dealing with men who get off the reservation." Actually, she has done poorly with such men!
I will be interviewed on at :30 A.M. Enjoy!
Join me in Carmel, Indiana- tomorrow at pm! ://
Thank you Fort Wayne, Indiana!
Thank you Terre Haute, Indiana!
. is a failed Jeb Bushy. Never says anything good &amp; never will, even after I beat Hillary. Shouldnt be on the air!
I am on with Chris Wallace- his th year anniversary with , throughout the day. Enjoy!
Will be in Terre Haute, Indiana in a short while -- big rally! See you soon!
I watched Sen. Graham . Why dont they say that I ran him out of the race like a little boy, and in the end he had no support?
Thank you Indiana!
I will be in Indiana on Sunday and Monday at four MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN rallies. See you there!
Thank you for the nice comments on today. Great job!
Trump locks down Delaware GOP delegates. ://
The economy is bad and getting worse-almost ZERO growth this quarter. Nobody can beat me on the economy (and jobs). MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
": "
The "protesters" in California were thugs and criminals. Many are professionals. They should be dealt with strongly by law enforcement!
. Anderson, so amazing. Your mother is, and always has been, an incredible woman!
This tie with Crooked Hillary Clinton will soon be hugely in our favor- when I secure the GOP nomination.
We are now at delegates. We will win on the first ballot and are not wasting time and effort on other ballots because system is rigged!
Thank you Indiana!
Crooked Hillary Clinton, perhaps the most dishonest person to have ever run for the presidency, is also one of the all time great enablers!
Wow, the ridiculous deal made between LyinTed Cruz and for John Kasich has just blown up. What a dumb deal - dead on arrival!
Thank you Costa Mesa, California! people tonight with thousands turned away. I will be back!
New York Yankees President, Randy Levine: End of the Republican Party If Donald Trump Not Nominated.
I will be interviewed on with the legendary Coach Bobby Knight- tomorrow morning. Enjoy!
: Seems out of touch w/ reality to announce a VP nominee before securing delegates.
: Carly Fiorina no lifeboat for a fast-sinking campaign via


Thank you Evansville, Indiana!
Heading to rally with Bobby now! See you soon!
So many false and phony T.V. commercials being broadcast in Indiana. Reminds me of Florida where thousands were put up-I won in a landslide!
I will be in Evansville, Indiana, with the great Bobby Knight (who last night endorsed me) at :00 this afternoon. See you there!
Lyin Ted Cruz, who can never beat Hillary Clinton and has NO path to victory, has chosen a V.P.candidate who failed badly in her own effort
I will be interviewed on the at :00 A.M. this morning. Enjoy!
Thank you to all for the wonderful reviews of my foreign policy speech. I will soon be speaking in great detail on numerous other topics!
": I cried when they said you made a clean sweep of all states. I was SO HAPPY! I really adore you Mr. Trump, so much."
Getting the strong endorsement of the great coach, Bobby Knight, has been a highlight of my stay in Indiana. Big speech tomorrow with Bobby!
I am in Indiana where we just had a great rally. Fantastic people! Staying at a Holiday Inn Express - new and clean, not bad!
Thank you Laura!
Thank you for the endorsement, Coach Bobby Knight! I will never forget it!
Join me on - from Indianapolis, Indiana at pmE! Enjoy! ://
: An Honor to be in w &amp; the legend, Bobby Knight! I like our secret weapon better!!! htt_
THANK YOU Connecticut, Delaware, Maryland, Pennsylvania, and Rhode Island!
Agreed!
Thank you Newt!
: GREATEST FOREIGN POLICY SPEECH SINCE WASHINGTONS FAREWELL ADDRESS.
Thanks Dave!
Thanks!
Thank you! WE will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you!
Thank you Delaware!
Thank you Rhode Island!
Thank you Connecticut!
Thank you Pennsylvania!
Thank you Maryland!
Thank you America!
Lets , Maryland! ://
You have until pm to , Delaware!
Thank you for a great day yesterday, Rhode Island! ://
Six hours left to Connecticut!
Lets go Pennsylvania! ://
How bad is the New York Timesthe most inaccurate coverage constantly. Always trying to belittle. Paper has lost its way!
Thank you for the incredible support- Melania, Barron, Ivanka, Jared, Tiffany, Don, Vanessa, Eric, and Lara!
Bernie Sanders has been treated terribly by the Democratsboth with delegates &amp; otherwise. He should show them, and run as an Independent!
Thank you &amp; . ://
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The Cruz-Kasich pact is under great strain. This joke of a deal is falling apart, not being honored and almost dead. Very dumb!
Thank you Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania! ://
Get out and VOTE tomorrow! We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! ://
Passing what was once a vibrant manufacturing area in Pennsylvania. So sad!
Thank you West Chester, Pennsylvania! ://
Thank you Warwick, Rhode Island! ://
: DEAD HEAT: CLINTON VS TRUMP
On the way to the great state of Rhode Island- big rally. Then to Pennsylvania for rest of day and night!
Kasich just announced that he wants the people of Indiana to vote for him. Typical politician - cant make a deal work.
Shows how weak and desperate Lyin Ted is when he has to team up with a guy who openly cant stand him and is only win and losses.
Lyin Ted Cruz and for Kasich are unable to beat me on their own so they have to team up (collusion) in a two on one. Shows weakness!
Lyin Ted and Kasich are mathematically dead and totally desperate. Their donors &amp; special interest groups are not happy with them. Sad!
Wow, just announced that Lyin Ted and Kasich are going to collude in order to keep me from getting the Republican nomination. DESPERATION!
I am happy to hear how badly the is doing. It is a seriously failing paper with readership which is way down. Becoming irrelevant!
": . awesome job on . DonaldTrump has integrity &amp; he refuses play the game call "Delegate Bribery"
": turned Trump from frontrunner into presumptive nominee "
I will be in Maryland this afternoon for a major rally. Things are looking good for Tuesday!
. Great job and advice on Thank you!
. was great on tonight. Very smart commentary that will prove to be correct!
As soon as John Kasich is hit with negative ads, he will drop like a rock in the polls against Crooked Hillary Clinton. I will win!
I had a great day campaigning in Connecticut. Looking for a big vote on Tuesday!
Congratulations to on his great ratings and ratings increase as reported by the today. Amazing job!
Lynne Ryan -- just read your great story in the NY Times -- I am proud of you. Thanks!
Thank you Delaware! ://
Thank you Bridgeport, Connecticut! ://
Thank you Waterbury, Connecticut! ://
:
Pennsylvania: Cast your vote for Trump for POTUS &amp; ALSO vote for the TRUMP DELEGATES in your congressional district!
Will be spending the day campaigning in Connecticut, another state where jobs are being stolen by other countries. I will stop this fast!
Thank you Pennsylvania! ://
Thank you Indiana! Was great seeing everyone on Wednesday! I will be back soon! ://
Thank you California! See you soon! ://
Thank you, ! ://
Thank you for the incredible support, Maryland! This is a movement! ://
I met Prince on numerous occasions. He was an amazing talent and wonderful guy. He will be greatly missed!
Cruz said Kasich should leave because he couldnt get to . Now he cant get to . Drop out LYIN Ted.
Both Ted Cruz and John Kasich have no path to victory. They should both drop out of the race so that the Republican Party can unify!
Senator Ted Cruz has been MATHEMATICALLY ELIMINATED from race. He said Kasich should get out for same reason. I think both should get out!
I will be doing the with my wife, Melania, and the rest of my family in a major Town Hall. Hopefully, it will be fun! Enjoy.7A.M.
Thank you Maryland- what a great way to conclude the day! Will be back soon.
We are going to bring steel and manufacturing back to Indiana!
Had a meeting with the terrific of Indiana. So excited to campaign in his wonderful state!
Thank you Indiana! Will be back soon!
Watch this video of my speech last night at Trump Tower-
Off to Indiana!
Ted Cruz is mathematically out of winning the race. Now all he can do is be a spoiler, never a nice thing to do. I will beat Hillary!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
": " Wow, really nice!
Thank you New York, I will never forget!
Thank you New York! I love you!
. is so negative it is impossible to watch. Terrible panel, angry haters. Bill O said such an amazing thing about me!
": Look everybody, DonaldTrump will win it on the first ballot so keep praying!!! "
": Your policies will make this state and country great again! "
": Everybody is "In A New York State of Mind" now!"
Polls close in hours! Everyone get out and VOTE! ://
: A message from Donald J. Trump to NEW YORK!
Discussing Buffalo last night- on the eve of the .LETS GO NY! ://
with Oprah- discussing why I would never rule out a run for .
Who did the House Task Force onUrgent Fiscal Issues call- when America needed HELP?
://
LETS GO AMERICA! Time to take backour country, and video &amp; go!
: closing speech inBuffalo, New York!://
Join me in Indianapolis, Indiana tomorrow at pm! :
: Donald Trump concludes his FINAL rally in Buffalo, New York! Lets go NY! https_
Thank you Eric!
A big day for New York and for our COUNTRY! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I am on at :00 A.M. ENJOY!
Thank you Buffalo! ://
://
Lyin Ted Cruz even voted against Superstorm Sandy aid and September th help. So many New Yorkers devastated. Cruz hates New York!
New York, we will make America great again!
Kasich only looks O.K. in polls against Hillary because nobody views him as a threat and therefore have placed ZERO negative ads against him
Lyin Ted Cruz cant win with the voters so he has to sell himself to the bosses-I am millions of VOTES ahead! Hillary would destroy him &amp; K
": . is who we need fix this corrupted, rigged system. no Profit, Under budget &amp; ahead of schedule.
Thank you for todays endorsement, New York Veteran Police Association!
Thank you, California! Will see you soon! ://
I would have millions of votes more than Hillary except for the fact that I had opponents and she just had a socialist named Bernie!
Crooked Hillary Clinton is spending a fortune on ads against me. I am the one person she doesnt want to run against. Will be such fun!
Lyin Ted Cruz cant get votes (I am millions ahead of him) so he has to get his delegates from the Republican bosses. It wont work!
Lyin Ted Cruz will never be able to beat Hillary. Despite a rigged delegate system, I am hundreds of delegates ahead of him.
Ill be in one of my favorite places this morning, Staten Island. Big crowd, will be fun!
://
Thank you California, Connecticut, Maryland, and Pennsylvania!
See you tomorrow Dutchess County,New York! ://
Will be on Hannity tonight. Rebroadcast of town hall from Pittsburgh, PA. :00pm on FOX. Enjoy!
": I think its more like %. !
": New CBS Poll shows defections from Cruzs core supporters &amp; increased support for ...Not surprising."
": Dear Im starting to believe that youre actually going to WIN! "
": "Trump Holds % Favorable Rating in New York Leads Hillary Clinton by pts in Empire...
THANK YOU, SYRACUSE! ://
Just arrived in Syracuse, NY. Big crowd, great place! We will bring back the desperately needed jobs.
: this morning.
I will be interviewed on at :00 A.M. I will be talking about the rigged and boss controlled Republican primaries!
": I just voted for in Indiana. Everyone I talk to was following suit!" Fantastic!
": we are becoming a third world country because of jerks like him" Great!
": We love you Donald ! Finally someone who actually cares about us .. !! "
": Praying for your family and your win in New York." Thank you!
Join me this weekend! /16: SYRACUSE - NOON: WATERTOWN - pm
Thank you, ! ://
Thank you America!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Join me on Saturday- in Syracuse, New York! ://
Thank you Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania!
Big protest march in Colorado on Friday afternoon! Dont let the bosses take your vote!
The rules DID CHANGE in Colorado shortly after I entered the race in June because the pols and their bosses knew I would win with the voters
Biggest story in politics is now happening in the great State of Colorado where over one million people have been precluded from voting!
Will be interviewed by on tonight at pm from Pennsylvania. Enjoy!
Join me in Pittsburgh- tonight at pmE! :


Great to be on tonight with my wonderful family. Will be rebroadcast at :00 A.M. (EASTERN).
Join my family and I on with - live from !
I LOVE NEW YORK! ://
THANK YOU California, Maryland, New York, and Pennsylvania! See you soon!
Missouri just confirmed as the official winner- with an additional delegates.
WOW, great new poll- New York! Thank you for your support!
Thank you Albany, New York! ://
Join me in Rome, NY- tomorrow! available:
Tune in &amp; join me live in Albany, New York! pmE start time! I love you New York! ://
A very interesting piece, by a very good writer, of and .
Leaving for Albany, New York now, massive crowd expected. Very exciting!
Why does the liberal media think Bill OReilly () is a complete and total vulgarian? I dont think so!
Colorado Trump Delegates Scratched from Ballots at GOP Convention
This is happening all over our countrygreat people being disenfranchised bypoliticians. Repub party is in trouble!
": Thanks for Rochester rally." Great people, thank you!
": just listened to you on fox. I love you so much." Thank you!
": Great job on Fox n Friends this morning. Very well spoken and presidential. "
": Trump needs to hold a massive protest rally in Colorado. Hed get k &amp; own the news cycle"
I will be interviewed on at :00 A.M. Enjoy!
The people of Colorado had their vote taken away from them by the phony politicians. Biggest story in politics. This will not be allowed!
How is it possible that the people of the great State of Colorado never got to vote in the Republican Primary? Great anger - totally unfair!
://
I win a state in votes and then get non-representative delegates because they are offered all sorts of goodies by Cruz campaign. Bad system!
The purposely covers me so inaccurately. I want other nations to pay the U.S. for our defense of them. We are the suckers-no more!
": New Jersey Man Joseph Hornick Willing to Go to Jail for Flying Trump Flag - Breitbart "
": lets go Pa he has my vote Go Trump"
": Rochester loves you! See you tomorrow! " A big crowd!
": Millions more will burn their Republican registration if GOP continues to subvert the will of the people."
": If the GOP screws Trump, his millions will walk from the GOP never to return! They better think long and hard"
": GOP is trying to steal nomination from the winner (Trump) not block an insurgent catching up frontrunner (Sanders).
": is the only person who can save us from this corrupt political mess. "
": California women love Mr Trump too. Will make it happen in New York on April . Go out &amp; vote."
": .Lets get it done Philadelphia Pa.Make Trump your pick for president now.
": Your tax and economic plans are second to none! Media shld report.
": Poll shows leads among registered Republican women with %. __ " Thank you!
": here your delegate replaced at CO GOP convention. " Very sad!
I will be interviewed on on tonight at :00. Enjoy!
A great honor to visit the /11 Memorial Museum with my wife, , today.
": The Real Person Of The Year! " Wow!
": Fugedaboudit!!! The woman in New York love Donald Trump!!! "
Bernie Sanders says that Hillary Clinton is unqualified to be president. Based on her decision making ability, I can go along with that!
Isnt it a shame that the person who will have by far the most delegates and many millions more votes than anyone else, me, still must fight
": Yes! Thank U coming to LI! It was a thrill B part of it! U will get the job done! __"
": Trump will be our best president since Reagan!
": Thank you, Mr. Trump, for your personal and financial sacrifices in this journey to "
": we love you and know you will do an awesome job! Saw you in bethpage !! ___" Thank you.
": All you haters out there, STOP trashing the only candidate that will put ALL OF YOU &amp; AMERICA FIRST "
": We support you . You will go far in life. Smart and courageous!
": HELLO BOYS! this is my formal endorsement of &amp; Im a woman! (last I checked) And Rudy, U R amazing!
": Reports are RNC has received +1 million postcards so far! If I get more info on Ill post "
Donald TrumpThe Disrupter will air on Saturday night and Sunday night at PM ET. Anchored by .
Nobody beats me on National Security.
Looks like I was right about NATO. I had no doubt.
Jennifer is a terrific person.
": Vote trump to save the west. Dont become like Europe -
": Great interview with on regarding path to victory "
": Great Interview on CNN-Being from CT- I am thrilled you are part of this Team-GO TRUMP!"
So great to be in New York. Catching up on many things (remember, I am still running a major business while I campaign) and loving it!
": first WWE Hall of Famer to become president?"
": lets have the policy speeches on immigration, economy, foreign policy, and NATO! "
": Thanks Rudy!!! Trump will be a great president!!"
": we can only do that with RT "
": Cruz is hated in New York. He should go home - no place for a phony"
Ted Cruz attacked New Yorkers and New York values- we dont forget!

Unbelievable evening. Just made a speech in front amazing New Yorkers in Bethpage, Long Island--- great to be home!
I was not scheduled to be on the . Pure fiction!
It is so great to be back home! Looking forward to a great rally tonight in Bethpage, Long Island!
Still time to get out and VOTE! ://
: Last chance : Find your polling location for todays primary &amp; go vote! Visit ____
Wow, is in total disarraywith almost everybody quitting. Goodnews -- bad, dishonest journalists!
: : To find your voting location visit __________ https:/_
": Challenge to all WI gun owners. Vote .The only candidate that will protect your rights!
Wisconsin, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Good morning Wisconsin! The polls are now open! today &amp; we will MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
": : " is the only guy, I think, that has the will &amp; the nerve to attack &amp; to fight."
": Something VERY close to my heart. Im a NAVY VET! I love VETERANS ADMINISTRATION REFORMS.
I will be on - tonight at pmE w/ , from Wisconsin. Enjoy!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Leaving Superior, Wisconsin now. Thank you! ://
Wow, great news from Wisconsin. Just made two speeches there with a big one coming tonight. Thank you!
Will be interviewed on on from tonight. My wife, Melania, will join me for the entire show.
Congratulations Jim Herman! We are all proud of you !
Just departing La Crosse, Wisconsin. Thank you! ://
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
A great day in Wisconsin, many stops, many great people! Melania is joining me on Monday. Big crowds. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
A great night in West Allis, Wisconsin! Thank you! ://
I am on with doing a town hall, from Wisconsin- now! Enjoy!
Congratulations to for winning the . We are all proud of you &amp; all clubs! Great going!
I will be in Milwaukee, Wisconsin- tomorrow at pmE with . Join us!
Thank you Miss Katies Diner! ://
Thank you New York, and Pennsylvania!
": "I dont care about the game, I care about the PEOPLE." And thats exactly why WE THE PEOPLE love you so much! "
Thank you!
": IS THE ONLY DEAL !!! "
": VOTE SMART RECORDS R SEALED.. WHAT IS HE HIDING? SAVE AMERICA W/ "
": is reviewing the week,but majority of the show about cuz there would be ratings if not. Medias a JOKE
I will be on with Chris Wallace this morning. Enjoy!
": Tune in for our sit-down interview with Republican frontrunner ! "
Thank you Eau Claire, Wisconsin. on Tuesday, April th!MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I will be interviewed by on tomorrow morning. Enjoy!
A GREAT DAY IN WISCONSIN!Thank you &amp; ! Just arrived in !
. should be ashamed for allowing experts to explain how to make a nuclear attack!
.- Thank you for your nice words on Fox today. They never use my full statements on nuclear, which you would agree with!
Great honor to have General Counsel, as a Trump delegate in TN. RNC meeting well worth it! Unifying the party!
Join me on Monday, April th in Milwaukee! :
Wisconsin has suffered a great loss of jobs and trade, but if I win, all of the bad things happening in the U.S. will be rapidly reversed!
I will be in Wisconsin until the election. Jobs, trade and immigration will be big factors. I will bring jobs back home - make great deals!
If stopped covering me on her show, her ratings would drop like a rock! My h to h interview with beat her by millions!
Is it possible for to cover anyone but Donald Trump on her terrible show. She totally misrepresents my words and positions! BAD.
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Can you believe that Ted Cruz, who has been killing our country on trade for so long, just put out a Wisconsin ad talking about trade?
We must build a great wall between Mexico and the United States!
My new radio ad, airing today in Wisconsin! See you soon! ://
Does anybody like Lyin Ted?
For the st time in American history, Americas border patrol agents have issue a presidential primary endorsementme! Thank you.
The National Border Patrol Council (NBPC) said that our open border is the biggest physical &amp; economic threat facing the American people!
The Club For Growth said in their ad that delegates (Cruz) plus delegates (Kasich) is more than my delegates. Try again!
The Club For Growth,which asked me for $1,000,000 in an extortion attempt, just put up a Wisconsin ad with incorrect math.What a dumb group!
://
THANK YOU, NEW YORK!
THANK YOU, AMERICA! ://
THANK YOU, WISCONSIN! Tuesday, April th! ://
Just had a very nice meeting with Priebus and the . Looking forward to bringing the Partytogether --- and it will happen!
The Trump Doctrine: Peace Through Strength. ://
": Nothing you say will change my mind! Woman for "
": Im a democrat and switch over to republican just to vote for trump in the primary." Great!
Thank you- Appleton, Wisconsin! ://
Congratulations to for having the wisdom to pick TRUMP!
Please keep your thoughts &amp; prayers with Melissa Young- Miss Wisconsin .
THANK YOU, NEW YORK! ://
: Nice piece and video today in the Wall Street Journal: Trumps three eldest children jump into campaign
. got thrown off of TV by NBC, fired like a dog! Now he is on being nasty to me. Not nice!
Final just announced in the GREAT State of MO. TRUMP WINS! New certified show a vote increase for me- least more delegates!
Thank you!
Trump defends campaign manager charged for bruising a reporter:
Thank you!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Why is this reporter touching me as I leave news conference? What is in her hand??
This was the reporters statement- when she found out there was tape from my facility, she changed her tune.
Victory press conference was over.Why is she allowed to grab me and shout questions? Can I press charges?
Why arent people looking at this reporters earliest statement as to what happened, that is before she found out the episode was on tape?
Wow, Corey Lewandowski, my campaign manager and a very decent man, was just charged with assaulting a reporter. Look at tapes-nothing there!
How come the &amp; show the new Poll for Hillary vs Bernie but do not show the SAME poll where I am killing Cruz?
I have millions more votes/hundreds more dels than Cruz or Kasich, and yet am not being treated properly by the Republican Party or the RNC.
Wow, has nothing but my opponents on their shows. Really one-sided and unfair reporting. Maybe I shouldnt do their town-hall tonight!
We need to secure our borders ASAP. No games, we must be smart, tough and vigilant. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN &amp; MAKE AMERICA STRONG AGAIN!
Lyin Ted, I have already beaten you in all debates, and am way ahead of you in votes and delegates. You should focus on jobs &amp; illegal imm!
LyinTed Cruz is weak &amp; losing big, so now he wants to debate again. But, according to Drudge,Time and on-line polls, I have won all debates
After the way I beat Gov. Scott Walker (and Jeb, Rand, Marco and all others) in the Presidential Primaries, no way he would ever endorse me!
": Cruz will say anything that is contrary to what you have to say. If youre for Motherhood, hell be against it!"
Just released that international gangs are all over our cities. This will end when I am President!
": Campaign-to-date popular GOP totals: ; ; " A BIG DIFFERENCE
Ted Cruz is incensed that I want to refocus NATO on terrorism, as well as current mission, but also want others to PAY FAIR SHARE, a must!
A detainee released from Gitmo has killed an American. When will our so-called "leaders" ever learn!
"Kirsten Powers: Anti- Trump Operative was Aggressively Shopping Cruz Story"via the Gateway Pundit:
": We stand by Trump %" Thank you!
I will be interviewed on at :30. Things are looking good, had a great Easter-look forward to spending the week in Wisconsin!
": will defeat ISIS and "
The United States cannot continue to make such bad, one-sided trade deals. There are only so many jobs we can give up. No more!
See Lyin Ted, even the (no fan of mine) says this story came from Rubio, not Trump!
Just to show you how unfair Republican primary politics can be, I won the State of Louisiana and get less delegates than Cruz-Lawsuit coming
Why cant the pundits be honest? Hopefully we are all looking for a strong and great country again. I will make it strong and great! JOBS!
Another radical Islamic attack, this time in Pakistan, targeting Christian women &amp; children. At least dead,400 injured. I alone can solve
Happy Easter to all, have a great day!
My statement on NATO being obsolete and disproportionately too expensive (and unfair) for the U.S. are now, finally, receiving plaudits!
Wow, sleepy eyes is at it again. He is do totally biased. The things I am saying are correct. - far better vision than the others
I am interviewed on This Week on this morning. Enjoy!
Remember, I am the only candidate who is self-funding. While I am given little credit for this by the voters, I am not bought like others!
Dont believe the Polls, they are just another phony hit job on me. I will beat Hillary Clinton easily in the General Election.
Wisconsins economy is doing poorly and like everywhere else in U.S., jobs are leaving. I will make our economy strong again - bring in jobs
Nobody will protect our Nation like Donald J. Trump. Our military will be greatly strengthened and our borders will be strong. Illegals out!
Lyin Ted Cruz is now trying to convince prople that his problems with The National Enq.were caused by me. I had NOTHING to do with story!
The press is going out of their way to convince people that I do not like or respect women, when they know that it is just the opposite!
The media is so after me on women Wow, this is a tough business. Nobody has more respect for women than Donald Trump!
": WOMEN LOVE TRUMP. TRUMPS EXECS PREDOMINANTLY FEMALE. "
": Dear , after doing a quick Google &amp; Twitter search there are over womens groups supporting DonaldTrump. Stop Lying."
": Let me help you Trumpophobes with math: Trump: ($10.3B-$1.2M equity)/1.2M = %. S&amp: % "
": Turns out was wrong. had nothing to do with it "
": Your instincts on foreign policy &amp; terrorism have been better than all of these so called experienced politicians combined."
Top suspect in Paris massacre, Salah Abdeslam, who also knew of the Brussels attack, is no longer talking. Weak leaders, ridiculous laws!
": blames for so many things I am starting to think he is having a mental health crisis."
Response to the cover story in this weeks National Enquirer about Lyin Ted Cruz:
Wow, just released that $67 million in negative ads was spent on me. How am I still number one - by a lot?
I didnt start the fight with LyinTed Cruz over the GQ cover pic of Melania, he did. He knew the PAC was putting it out - hence, Lyin Ted!
Just won a big federal lawsuit similar in certain ways to the Trump U case but the press refuses to write about it. If I lost-monster story!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Endorsements for Lyin Ted Cruz-
": Cruz &amp; Rubio are scared! WATCH -&gt; "
Europe and the U.S. must immediately stop taking in people from Syria. This will be the destruction of civilization as we know it! So sad!
Just announced that as many as ISIS fighters have infiltrated Europe. Also, many in U.S. I TOLD YOU SO! I alone can fix this problem!
": Theyre all brain-dead puppets with skeletons in their closet. I say you go on and destroy them all" A dead show
Explain how the women on The View, which is a total disaster since the great Barbara Walters left, ever got their jobs. is wasting time
. T.V. show, which is failing so badly that it will soon be taken off thr air, is constantly asking me to go on. I TELL THEM "NO"
Hillary Clinton has been working on solving the terrorism problem for years. TIME FOR A CHANGE, I WILL SOLVE - AND FAST!
": Talkers think about the future, Doers are already building it" "
It is amazing how often I am right, only to be criticized by the media. Illegal immigration, take the oil, build the wall, Muslims, NATO!
Remember when I recently said that Brussels is a "hell hole" and a mess and the failing wrote a critical article. I was so right!
These politicians like Cruz and Graham, who have watched ISIS and many other problems develop for years, do nothing to make things better!
. and Lyin Ted Cruz are two politicians who are very much alike - ALL TALK AND NO ACTION! Both talk about ISIS, do nothing!
It is amazing how gets on so many T.V. shows talking negatively about me when I beat him so badly (ZERO) in his pres run!
": . thank God is not a politician, but hes one heck of a fighter who will fight for us, the people."
We pay a disproportionate share of the cost of N.A.T.O. Why? It is time to renegotiate, and the time is now!
N.A.T.O. is obsolete and must be changed to additionally focus on terrorism as well as some of the things it is currently focused on!
": "A picture is worth a thousand words" "
": Donald Trump will be greater president than Ragan. Trump will set the button for morality,Christianity.
": self-funded and media loves him. Not beholden to masters like . Who owns Ted?"
": You have over M followers more than than . This says something about how America feels. __"
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I want to thank for all of his help in our historic Arizona win. Could not have done it without you Joe!
While I believe I will clinch before Cleveland and get more than delegates, it is unfair in that there have been so many in the race!
I think having Jebs endorsement hurts Lyin Ted. Jeb spent more than $150,000,000 and got nothing. I spent a fraction of that and am first!
I will be the best by far in fighting terror. Im the only one that was right from the beginning, &amp; now Lyin Ted &amp; others are copying me.
Just watched Hillary deliver a prepackaged speech on terror. Shes been in office fighting terror for years- and look where we are!
Low energy Jeb Bush just endorsed a man he truly hates, Lyin Ted Cruz. Honestly, I cant blame Jeb in that I drove him into oblivion!
Lyin Ted Cruz steals foreign policy from me, and lines from Michael Douglas just another dishonest politician.
Thank you, Arizona! ://
Lyin Ted Cruz denied that he had anything to do with the G.Q. model photo post of Melania. Thats why we call him Lyin Ted!
Hopefully the Republican Party can come together and have a big WIN in November, paving the way for many great Supreme Court Justices!
Much bigger win than anticipated in Arizona. Thank you, I will never forget!
Thank you, Arizona!
Incompetent Hillary, despite the horrible attack in Brussels today, wants borders to be weak and open-and let the Muslims flow in. No way!
Lyin Ted Cruz just used a picture of Melania from a G.Q. shoot in his ad. Be careful, Lyin Ted, or I will spill the beans on your wife!
Pres. Obama should leave the baseball game in Cuba immediately &amp; get home to Washington- where a , under a serious emergency belongs!
Obama, and all others, have been so weak, and so politically correct, that terror groups are forming and getting stronger! Shame.
message from ! ://
message from ! ://
video:
My heart &amp; prayers go out to all of the victims of the terrible tragedy. This madness must be stopped, and I will stop it.
Watch this clip from earlier this year. Time &amp; time again I have been right about terrorism. Its time to get tough!
I have proven to be far more correct about terrorism than anybody- and its not even close. Hopefully AZ and UT will be voting for me today!
: : We made it easy to find your polling location for todays primary! Simply visit __ https:/_
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
President Obama looks and sounds so ridiculous making his speech in Cuba, especially in the shadows of Brussels. He is being treated badly!
Do you all remember how beautiful and safe a place Brussels was. Not anymore, it is from a different world! U.S. must be vigilant and smart!
I will be interviewed on at :30 A.M.
": Heres Trump in case anyone missed it. It is a must watch. "
Will be interviewed at :00 P.M. on - Enjoy!
": The media is corrupt! We The People are fighting with you."
We had a great day! HAPPY BIRTHDAY Barron- I love you!
Wow, President Obama just landed in Cuba, a big deal, and Raul Castro wasnt even there to greet him. He greeted Pope and others. No respect
Big Republican Dinner tonight at Mar-a-Lago in Palm Beach. I will be there!
": Dont worry Trump, They are losing thousands of viewers and money. Roger Ailes will be telling Megyn to stop"
So the highly overrated anchor, , is allowed to constantly say bad things about me on her show, but I cant fight back? Wrong!
The protesters blocked a major highway yesterday, delaying entry to my RALLY in Arizona by hours, and the media blames my supporters!
Why is it that the horrendous protesters, who scream, curse punch, shut down roads/doors during my RALLIES, are never blamed by media? SAD!
Will be interviewed on this morning. Enjoy!
": Whats strategy to secure the GOP nomination? Ill talk to the Republican front-runner. ."
The rallies in Utah and Arizona were great! Tremendous crowds and spirit. Just returned but will be going back soon.
": TRUMP IS NOT AFRAID OF ANYTHING OR ANYONE - THATS THE PRESIDENT USA NEEDS TO UNITE US &amp; KNOCK THE SOCKS OFF OUR ENEMIES!
THANK YOU ARIZONA! Get out and on Tuesday!
Thank you- Tucson, Arizona! A great afternoon with supporters! on Tuesday!
.- You are a true journalistic professional. I so agree with what you say. Keep up the great work!
.- Watching your show from Arizona where we just had a big rally. It is fantastic- everybody loves it!
.- Just watched you on with a large group of people. Everybody loves you- two amazing people!
.- watching your show from Arizona where we just had a big rally. It is fantastic- everybody loves it!
THANK YOU ARIZONA! amazing supporters! Get out and on Tuesday. I love you!
Wow, ratings are up % because its "all Trump, all the time." The networks are making a fortune off of me! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Great to be back in Arizona!
If crazy didnt cover me so much on her terrible show, her ratings would totally tank. She is so average in so many ways!
Crazy says I dont (wont) go on her show and she still gets good ratings. But almost all of her shows are negative hits on me!
": after tonight it is clear! Utah is "
": Check out "HANNITY EXCLUSIVE EVENT WITH TRUMP IN PHOENIX, AZ" "
": Honored to be in with retired General Robert C. Oaks. We are so thankful for his support and endorsement here in SLC
": Actually, no , has a sick obsession with Trump. Every day, every show, trashing, negative, hate.
": Its great to see supporters like you along the way...watching Americans come together the past months
": st time I heard I said "wow". I liked him! I then became a closet fan. Today? Hes the ONLY I will vote for!
": Vets For A Strong America Endorses Donald Trump for president; "Weve Endorsed Him, We Believe In Him"
": Sheriff Joe Arpaio AZ Endorses Donald J Trump for President of the United States "
": Realistic Trump Poll Numbers translate to the percentile range in a two-man race. Gee, what happened to that % ceiling
": I totally agree! is strictly conceptual and theoretical and has NO COMMONSENSE!"
Thank you- New York! I love you!
Landing in Phoenix now. Tomorrows events will be amazing!
Reading of the NY Times is a total waste of time, he is a clown with no awareness of the world around him- dummy!
While I have never met of the NY Times, I consider him one of the dumbest of all pundits- he has no sense of the real world!
Heading to Phoneix. Will be arriving soon. Tomorrow a big day. Tremendous crowds expected!
Watching - fantastic show! Has very interesting take on Paul Ryan.
Just leaving Salt Lake City, Utah- fantastic crowd with no interruptions.Love Utah- will be back!
: Utah Speaker of the House announces endorsement of . Says played a big role
Why havent they released the final Missouri victory for us yet? Could it be because Cruzs guy runs Missouri?
I guess I have reached yet another "ceiling" - %, with four people. My highest Reuters poll yet! Thank you!
Do you believe that Hillary Clinton now wants Obamacare for illegal immigrants? She should spend more time taking care of our great Vets!
Everybody should boycott the show. Never worth watching. Always a hit on Trump! She is sick, &amp; the most overrated person on tv.
Thank you Arizona- I love you!
Join me tomorrow! ://
Mitt Romney is a mixed up man who doesnt have a clue. No wonder he lost!
Failed Presidential Candidate Mitt Romney was campaigning with John Kasich &amp; Marco Rubio, and now he is endorsing Ted Cruz. /2
Failed presidential candidate Mitt Romney, the man who "choked" and let us all down, is now endorsing Lyin Ted Cruz. This is good for me!
Join me in Tuscon, Arizona- tomorrow! ://
Going to Salt Lake City, Utah, for a big rally. Lyin Ted Cruz should not be allowed to win there - Mormons dont like LIARS! I beat Hillary
Club for Growth letter- trying to extort $1,000,000.00 from me. Remember, I said- NO!
Club For Growth tried to extort $1,000,000 from me. When I said NO, they went hostile with negative ads. Disgraceful!
With millions of dollars of negative and phony ads against me by the establishment, my numbers continue to go up. Can anyone explain this?
. got fired like a dog from RedStateand now he is the one leading opposition against me.
Senator made horrible statements about and then he endorsed him. No wonder nobody trusts politicians!
Lyin Ted Cruz lost all five races on Tuesday-and he was just given the jinx - a Lindsey Graham endorsement. Also backed Jeb. Lindsey got !
Join us in Salt Lake City, Utah- tonight! ://
Hillary Clinton has been involved in corruption for most of her professional life!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Who should star in a reboot of Liar Liar- Hillary Clinton or Ted Cruz? Let me know.
Highly overrated &amp; crazy is always complaining about Trump and yet she devotes her shows to me. Focus on others Megyn!
Looking like my victories on Tuesday will be just as good as if I won Ohio. Two more days and Ohio was mine!
See you in Arizona on Friday and Saturday.
Please explain to the dummies at the Editorial Board that I love to debate and have won, according to Drudge etc., all of them!
. is bad at math. The good news is, nobody cares what they say in their editorials anymore, especially me!
. Editorial says "Clinton primary vote total is .Trumps is "-a knock. But she had only opponents-I had .Apologize
The reason lyin Ted Cruz has lost so much of the evangelical vote is that they are very smart and just dont tolerate liars-a big problem!
Crazy is now complaining that did not defend her against me - yet her bad show is a total hit piece on me.Tough!
Great news that has cancelled the additional debate. How many times can the same people ask the same question? I beat Cruz debating
Crazy supposedly had lyin Ted Cruz on her show last night. Ted is desperate and his lying is getting worse. Ted cant win!
Stuart Stevens, the failed campaign manager of Mitt Romneys historic loss, is now telling the Republican Party what to do with Trump. Sad!
I will be interviewed on The OReilly Factor this evening at pm on the Fox News Channel.
Thank you, Missouri!
Wow, just won Missouri!
: I can skate here ONLY b/c fixed this rink after NYC govt spent $13M, but FAILED! Good for Trump! https:/_
I am making a big speech the night of the debate, but I wish everyone well. Yesterday was a big day for me with wins!
Thank you to the Governor of Florida, Rick Scott, for your endorsement. I greatly appreciate your support!
In the last weeks, I had $35M of negative ads against me in Florida &amp; I won in a massive landslide.The establishment should save their $$!
Yesterday was amazing5 victories. Lyin Ted Cruzhad zero. Things are going very well!
Is this what we want for a President?
. Great job on television this morning. Glad to have you on my side!
": .: I think can beat HillaryClinton. And Im looking forward to Trump being president.
. You were great last night and we all very much appreciate it! Thank you!
I will be interviewed on at :30 A.M. ENJOY!
Will be interviewed on at :40. ENJOY!
Will be interviewed on on at :15 A.M.
Will be interviewed on at :00 A.M. Big wins last night!
": Thats funny, I switched to other media too, cant stand her"
": I thank God you are on board with to help him and us Ty!!"
Thank you Marco, I agree!
I only wish my wonderful daughter Tiffany could have been with us atMar-a-Lago for our great election victory. She is a winner!
Thank you Illinois!
Thank you, North Carolina!
Watching other networks and local news. Really good night! Crazy is unwatchable.
Thank you, Florida!
Thank you, Northern Mariana Islands!
Cant watch Crazy Megyn anymore. Talks about me at % but never mentions that there are four people in race. With two people, big &amp; over!
": If media wasnt so biased against Trump, he wouldve won all of the delegates.
": is trying so hard to bash its ridiculous" Dont worry, everyone is wise to Crazy Megyn!
": Hayes is looking depressed as well. "
": I tried to give them a shot tonight, but they have the whole anti Trump cheerleading team."
": Shes choking on the results! Call her justifiable Kelly. Justifying everything she says."
": Was going to watch for the primary results but saw - looks like tonight"
Word is that, despite a record amount spent on negative and phony ads, I had a massive victory in Florida. Numbers out soon!
A lot of complaints from people saying my name is not on the ballot in various places in Florida? Hope this is false.
I will bring our jobs back to the U.S., and keep our companies from leaving. Nobody else can do it. Our economy will "sing" again.
In presidential voting so far, John Kasich is ZERO for . So why would he be a good candidate? Hillary would beat him, I will beat Hillary!
Ohio is losing jobs to Mexico, now losing Ford (and many others). Kasich is weak on illegal immigration. We need strong borders now!
Watching John Kasich being interviewed - acting so innocent and like such a nice guy. Remember him in second debate, until I put him down.
: Mathematically it is statistically impossible for Kasich to get to - he would need % of the remaining delegates to b_
CarolinaOhio://
North Carolina lost manufacturing jobs and Ohio lost since . Going to Mexico etc. NO MORE IF I WIN, WE WILL BRING BACK!
: Friends in &amp; we would be honored to have your !
Just in, big news- I have been declared the winner of the CNMI Rep Caucus with % of the vote! Thank you!
Good morning Ohio! Some additional information from my daughter, !
Dont reward Mitt Romney, who let us all down in the last presidential race, by voting for Kasich (who voted for NAFTA, open borders etc.).
Please remember, I am the ONLY candidate who is self-funding his campaign. Kasich, Rubio and Cruz are all bought and paid for by lobbyists!
I will bring our jobs back to America, fix our military and take care of our vets, end Common Core and ObamaCare, protect nd A, build WALL
Rubio is weak on illegal immigration, with the worst voting record in the U.S. Senate in many years. He will never MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Kasich voted for NAFTA, a disaster for Ohio, and now wants the even worse TPP approved. Vote Trump and end this madness!
": Listening to interview on replay of Savage Nation DONALD TRUMP !!!!!" Thanks.
": WOW people are so misinformed on DonaldTrump character! Watch this video! Hillary and Bernie dont come close
": I believe that will be the big winner tomorrow." Thank you!
": Who started this mess, the protesters of course . And media made it worse."
Sadly, this kind of stuff even happened to Ronald Reagan. There is nothing nice about it! ://
THANK YOU - Youngstown, Ohio! I love you! Get out &amp; tomorrow.
Kasich has helped decimate the coal and steel industries in Ohio. I will bring them back!
Gov Kasich voted for NAFTA, which devastated Ohio and is now pushing TPP hard- bad for American workers!
Leaving the great people of North Carolina. Amazing event. Heading to Tampa now!
Look forward to being in Tampa this afternoon. Wonderful crowds. Thank you, Florida!
We dont have a country- if we dont have borders. :
Just received from .Thank you Pete! onTuesday Ohio!
: LIVE Stream: Donald Trump about to speak in Boca Raton, FL. Protesters already before Trump speaks. ://t_
LYIN TED
The failing is truly one of the worst newspapers. They knowingly write lies and never even call to fact check. Really bad people!
Because Gov. Kasich cannot run in the state of Pennsylvania-he cannot win the nomination- &amp; should not be allowed to compete in Ohio on Tue.
Carly Fiorina- I agree! Ted Cruz is just another politician. All talk- no action!
Thank you Kevin. With unification of the party, Republican wins will be massive!
Gov.Kasich of Ohio just stated on a morning show that he doesnt watch politics or anything on television, he only watches the
Ohio Gov.Kasich voted for NAFTA, from which Ohio has never recovered. Now he wants TPP, which will be even worse. Ohio steel and coal dying!
Bernie Sanders is lying when he says his disruptors arent told to go to my events. Be careful Bernie, or my supporters will go to yours!
": It is repulsive that Trump was assaulted+politicians used that further themselves+2 further victimize Trump! DISGUSTING!!"
Wow, Kasich didnt qualify to run in the state of Pennsylvania, not enough signatures. Big problem!
: Trump says the chaos in Chicago was a planned attack. But Hillary insists it was a spontaneous reaction to an internet_
USSS did an excellent job stopping the maniac running to the stage. He has ties to ISIS. Should be in jail!
Do the people of Ohio know that John Kasich is STRONGLY in favor of Common Core! In other words, education of your children from D.C. No way
:
Just finished my second speech. K in Dayton &amp; K in Cleveland- perfectly behaved crowd. Thanks- I love you, Ohio!
It is Clinton and Sanders people who disrupted my rally in Chicago - and then they say I must talk to my people. Phony politicians!
The last person that Hillary or Bernie want to run against is Donald Trump --- and that is fact!
We are asking law enforcement to check for dishonest early voting in Florida- on behalf of little Marco Rubio.No way to run a country!
Word is-early voting in FL is very dishonest. Little Marco, his State Chairman, &amp; their minions are working overtime-trying to rig the vote.
The rally in Cincinnati is ON. Media put out false reports that it was cancelled!
Thank you Dayton, Ohio! supporters- largest in airport history!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
On my way to Dayton, Ohio. Will be there soon!
The rally in Cincinnati is ON. Media put out false reports that it was cancelled. Will be great - love you Ohio!
Ohio had the biggest budget increase in the U.S. If it were not for striking oil, they would be bust! Governor Kasich in favor of TPP fraud!
Absentee Governor Kasich voted for NAFTA and NAFTA devastated Ohio - a disaster from which it never recovered. Kasich is good for Mexico!
The organized group of people, many of them thugs, who shut down our First Amendment rights in Chicago, have totally energized America!
I just got off the phone with the great people of Guam! Thank you for your support! today!
Great news! Thank you Governor Ralph DLG Torres!
It means so much to me- receiving an endorsement from Phyllis Schlafly. A truly great woman &amp; conservative.
Thank you St. Louis, Missouri! ://
Rumor has it that is going out of business. Losing too much money. Great news! Likewise, dopey Mort Zuckermans

Dr. Ben Carson- I concur."I believe in God who can change people- he can make any of us better."
: Prob w/ all pundits saying last fall had no chance is that shows media so out of touch w/ Americans
: Please read my full endorsement of for President of the United States: .
: I endorse . Its time to unite behind the candidate who will beat Hillary Clinton and return government _
: Many people fight for change in DC. is a leader with an outsiders perspective &amp; the vision, guts &amp; ene_
: The Scrum: Video Emerges to Suggest WaPo Reporter Ben Terris Misidentifies Lewandowski in Fields Incident Breitbart htt_
Thank you!
: The Cruz spam all came from Delaware. Trump clear win in all other states.
": Lets be clear.. is about "Never someone we dont own" You either play into it &amp; let them win or vote Trump.
Thank you America!
Thank you Mark.
": Trump is your man America. He is the best!! Vote for him!" Thank you!
Wow, you are all correct about - totally biased and disgusting reporting.

I will be interviewed in a town hall format on with at pmE. Enjoy!
I will be giving a lengthy interview to tonight at pmE from Florida. Watch on !
Another Dishonest Politician
Keep lightweight Marco and his friends out of the White House.
Phony Club For Growth tried to shake me down for one million dollars, &amp; is now putting out nasty negative ads on me. They are total losers!
Phony Club For Growth tried to shake me down for one millions dollars, and is now putting out nasty negative ads on me.They are total losers
Thank you Hawaii!
This was a great evening- I would like to thank everyone for their wonderful support.
: LIVE Stream now: Donald Trump press conference
Thank you Michigan!
Thank you Mississippi!
Thank you!
Thank you America! ://
Word is I am doing very well in Michigan and Mississippi! Wow, and with all that money spent against me! Will be going to Trump Jupiter now!
I hear / came out with another one of their phony polls. While I am leading, they are totally discredited after last S.C. poll
: Aloha Hawaii: We would be honored to have your vote! Find your caucus
The negative television commercials about me, paid for by the politicians bosses, are a total . When you watch, remember!
Hawaii:
! ://
! ://
! ://
! ://
Mitt Romney had his chance and blew it. Lindsey Graham ran for president, got ZERO, and quit! Why are they now spokesmen against me? Sad!
Remember, I am the only one who is self-funding my campaign. All of the other candidates are bought and paid for by special interests!
Sun Sentinel says: Rubio lacks the experience, work ethic and gravitas needed to be president. HE HAS NOT EARNED YOUR VOTE!
": Wishing our father tremendous luck in Michigan, Mississippi, Idaho &amp; Hawaii today! Amazing father! "
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you !
Michigan, Mississippi, Idaho &amp; Hawaii: Get out to VOTE and join the movement today! Video:
The Club for Growth is a very dishonest group. They represent conservative values terribly &amp; are bad for America.
People forget, it was Club for Growth that asked me for $1 million. I said no &amp; they went negative. Extortion!
Ted Cruz Was For Welcoming Syrian Refugees Before He Was Against It
I employ many people in Hawaii at my great hotel in Honolulu. Ill be there very soon. Vote for me, Hawaii!
Cruz came to Mississippi, there was nobody there, he left the state. I had a rally in Madison, MS with !Thank you!
I will be interviewed by tonight at pm EST on ! Enjoy!
New ad concerning lightweight Senator Marco Rubio:
Thank you Idaho! I love your potatoes-nobody grows them better. AsPresident, I will protect your market.
Lightweight Senator Marco Rubio features Trump Univ. students in FL. attack ads- who submitted "excellent" reviews.
": Setup is underway rally in Madison. " Thank you!
It was great being in Michigan. Remember, I am the only presidential candidate who will bring jobs back to the U.S.and protect car industry!
New ad concerning lightweight Senator Marco Rubio:
Dont believe the millions of dollars of phony television ads by lightweight Rubio and the R establishment. Dishonest people!
Leaving for North Carolina. Big crowd, will be fun!
Congratulation to Adam Scott and all of the folks at Trump National Doral on producing a really great WGC Tournament. Amazing finish!
I will be using Facebook and Twitter to expose dishonest lightweight Senator Marco Rubio. A record no-show in Senate, he is scamming Florida
We cannot let the failing REPUBLICAN ESTABLISHMENT, who could not stop Obama (twice), ruin the MOVEMENT with millions of $s in false ads!
Lindsey Graham is all over T.V., much like failed % candidate Mitt Romney. These nasty, angry, jealous failures have ZERO credibility!
Failed presidential candidate Lindsey Graham should respect me. I destroyed his run, brought him from % to % when he got out. Now nasty!
How do you fight millions of dollars of fraudulent commercials pushing for crooked politicians? I will be using Facebook &amp; Twitter. Watch!
All of the phony T.V. commercials against me are bought and payed for by SPECIAL INTEREST GROUPS, the bandits that tell your pols what to do
": WASHINGTON VERSUS TRUMP _ &amp;TRUMPS SUPPORTERS ... "
": A solid interview and a fair one. Great job Mr. Trump. Keep up the good work. "
Turn to the Cadillac Wold Golf Championship at Trump National Doral - Great golf being played, Rory leading!
. and did a hour hit job on me today totally biased and mostly false. Dishonest media!
I am at Trump National Doral-best resort in U.S. Rory and Adam Scott are doing great! Watch on NBC at :00 P.M. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you to and for a very fair and professional interview this morning. No wonder you are in the ratings!
Fraud lightweight Marco made a TV ad on TrumpU featuring people who signed these letters:
The primary plaintiff in the phony Trump University suit wants to abandon the case. Disgraceful!
Nancy Reagan, the wife of a truly great President, was an amazing woman. She will be missed!
David Brooks, of the New York Times, is closing in on being the dumbest of them all. He doesnt have a clue.
Thank you Michigan!
FLORIDA: Do not miss this opportunity to ! Thank you :
I will be interviewed on this morning at :30. Enjoy!
I will be interviewed on this morning. Enjoy!
. is devastated that lightweight Senator Marco Rubio got trounced tonight and is the big loser. I won the two big states, great!
Thank you Kentucky!
Thank you Louisiana!
: If you live in Louisiana, Maine, Kentucky or Kansas remember to vote today! Together lets htt_
I will be at the Cadillac World Golf Championship in Miami tomorrow! Rory, Phil, Bubba, Adam, and Dustin all at the top!
Thank you Willie Robertson!
I would love to be at the Cadillac World Golf Championship in Miami- but even more so in Orlando with the !
I am watching two clown announcers on as they try to build up failed presidential candidate . Fox News is in the bag!
Romneys failed advisors, like campaign mgr Stuart Stevens are all over TV telling people how to win. But they lost- dont know how to win!
. was a disaster candidate who had no guts and choked! Romney is a total joke, and everyone knows it!
Thank you, Kansas! The line going into the Orlando event is over a mile long. Massive crowd expected. Leaving Kansas now, be there soon!

Getting ready to make my speech at . A great honor!
Thank you Kansas! Thousands of people inside- and thousands outside who couldnt get into the hall. Really amazing!
To the people of Kentucky,Rand Paul didnt want you. Now he runs back due to his presidential failure.
Why would anyone in Kentucky listen to failed presidential candidate Rand Paul re: caucus. Made a fool of himself (1%.)KY his nd choice!
Will be in Orlando, Florida, this afternoon. people expected. This is a movement like our GREAT COUNTRY has never seen before!
Wow, big lines in Kansas.
For all of todays voters please remember that I am the only candidate that is self funding my campaign, I am not bought and paid for!
Great time last night in Louisiana. Big and energetic crowd. Go out and vote now, polls open. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I am in Kansas. Will be an exciting day. Big speech this morning in Wichita, and then go to caucus. Sorry CPAC (the format was fine!).
Join me in Wichita, Kansas tomorrow morning! Looking forward to it! ://
Thank you New Orleans, Louisiana! ://
: Friends: Remember to VOTE tomorrow if you live in Louisiana, Maine, Kentucky or Kansas! ____
Join me in Wichita, Kansas tomorrow morning! Looking forward to it! ://
Thank you Cadillac, Michigan! on /8/2016. We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
, | Wichita, Kansas:
U.S. Senator Bob Corker (R-Tenn.) issued the following statement today regarding the presidential election:
Thank you Macomb County, Michigan!
My friend, &amp; great businessman, Phil Ruffin is speaking today in Kansas for me at the Witchita Pachyderm Club. He lives there and loves it!
": Mary Kissel is an SNL character, right? Shes not a real person, right? " She is a major loser - no clue!
": GET THAT POS WSJ LIAR FANTASY PUNDIT OFF THE AIR. Blah blah. A real dummy!
Thank you America! ://
MY POSITION ON VISAS ://
The Better Business Bureau report, with an A rating for Trump University.
Rubio puts out ad that my pilot was a drug dealer- not true, not my pilot! Guy owned helicopter company- dont think I ever even used.
Senator Sessions will serve as theChairman of my National SecurityAdvisory Committee.
THANK YOU PORTLAND, Maine! ://
On my way to see the great people of Maine. Will be landing in Portland in hours. Look forward to it!
Will miss tonight at the . I hope all of Bens followers will join the . We will never forget.
Go to Trump Doral in Miami and watch the World Golf Championship! On NOW!
": People are just mad that youre doing so good so they are gonna do theyre best to stop you. Not gonna happen "
": teaching the GOP how to lose four years ago was not enough. Now Romney wants to do it again."
The phony lawsuit against Trump U could have been easily settled by me but I want to go to court. % approval rating by students. Easy win
: As predicted, Trump reaching out to make peace with Republican "establishment". If he becomes inevitable party would be_
Why did Mitt Romney BEG me for my endorsement four years ago?
I am the only one who can beat Hillary Clinton. I am not a Mitt Romney, who doesnt know how to win. Hillary wants no part of "Trump"
Why would the great people of Florida vote for a guy who, as a Senator, never even shows up to vote - worst record. Marco Rubio is a joke!
I have brought millions of people into the Republican Party, while the Dems are going down. Establishment wants to kill this movement!
Failed candidate Mitt Romney,who ran one of the worst races in presidential history,is working with the establishment to bury a big "R" win!
": I changed parties to vote for you, no one else measures up to you, The GOPe needs a reality check. Our country is at stake"
Looks like two-time failed candidate Mitt Romney is going to be telling Republicans how to get elected. Not a good messenger!
Millions of dollars being spent on false TV ads by special interest groups who own Rubio &amp; Cruz.When you see them think of your puppet POLS
": The establishment doesnt like you because they cant control you and get you to lie to us and keep ripping us off."
Because of me, the Republican Party has taken in millions of new voters, a record. If they are not careful, they will all leave. Sad!
:
I would love to see the Republican party and everyone get together- and unify.Video:
Just another desperate move by the man who should have easily beaten Barrack Obama. (2/2)
Failed Presidential Candidate Mitt Romney is having a news conference tomorrow to criticize me. (1/2)
I am going to repeal and replace ObamaCare! Read more about my positions on healthcare reform here:
. poll just hit % for Trump. Interesting how my numbers have gone so far up since lightweight Marco Rubio has turned nasty. Love it!
": is % correct . And u and the rest of u muppets refuse to HEAR HIM." So true!
Why cant the leaders of the Republican Party see that I am bringing in new voters by the millions-we are creating a larger, stronger party!
My wife will be w/ tonight at pmE on . Enjoy!
": I took Trump University class and saved my home!"
Marco Rubio lost big last night. I even beat him in Virginia, where he spent so much time and money. Now his bosses are desperate and angry!
Why would anyone in Florida vote for lightweight Senator Marco Rubio. Check out his credit card scam, his house sale &amp; his no show voting!
The special interests and people who control our politicians (puppets) are spending $25 million on misleading and fraudulent T.V. ads on me.
": FOX calls Virginia for Trump. If it holds, its a big win for Trump and a big setback for Rubio, who needed to win the state.
": Marco Rubio just criticized Ted Cruz for underperforming tonight. Wow. "
": Looks like Rubio wont get any delegates from TX or AL because he didnt meet % threshold."
": "A nearly impossible path to the GOP nomination" for Rubio, says : _"
": For the record, most Democrats would much rather face Cruz than Trump" So true!
Thank you Vermont!
Thank you Arkansas!
Thank you Virginia!
Thank you Alabama!
Thank you Tennessee!
Thank you Massachusetts!
Thank you Georgia!
Wow! Thank you Louisville, Kentucky! on /5/2016! Lets !
Lets go America! Get out &amp; ! !
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
: Who has voted today??? Feedback from the polls? Im like a kid on Christmas!
Thank you Columbus, Ohio!
The people of South Carolina are embarrassed by Nikki Haley!
: Gov Nikki Haley just became a liability for Rubio after this was published to social media!
: . in w/ Romney on tax returns__(political ploy.) Fast forward..2016 w/ Robot Rubio__ https:_
Got the endorsement of Brian France and yesterday in Georgia. Also, many of the sports great drivers. Thank you Nascar and Georgia!
Thank you Georgia! amazing supporters tonight! Everyone get out &amp; tomorrow!
Great news- Former Mayor of Dallas, Tom Leppert, has just endorsed me! Thank you! Tomorrow is a big day- VOTE!
Thank you Brian France, Bill Elliott, , , &amp; ! ://
Phony Rubio commercial. I could have settled, but wont out of principle! See student surveys.
Trump University has a % approval rating. I could have settled but wont out of principle!
Thank you Virginia! amazing supporters! Everyone get out and tomorrow!
My wife will be joining tonight at pmE on . Enjoy!
Governor Alejandro Garc_a Padilla said presidential hopeful Sen. Marco Rubio is no friend of Puerto Rico."
:
I am self funding my campaign and only work for YOU, the American people! Video:
"Hillary could lose to Trump in Democratic New York" ://
Join me in Columbus, Ohio tomorrow! ://
Thank you America! Get out &amp; VOTE tomorrow!
My sons, Don and Eric, are on now :35. Great kids, enjoy!
Thank you ! ://
THANK YOU ALABAMA! supporters tonight. Get out &amp; VOTE on Tuesday! WE WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Our law enforcement officers deserve our appreciation for the incredible job they do. Video:
I will be making a big surprise announcement to the massive crowd assembled in Huntsville/Madison Alabama! Landing now!
Phylis Schlafly: Marco Rubio Betrayed Us All
Little Marco Rubio treated Americas ICE officers "like absolute trash" in order to pass Obamas amnesty.
Little Marco Rubio gave amnesty to criminal aliens guilty of "sex offenses." DISGRACE!
Little Marco Rubio is just another Washington D.C. politician that is all talk and no action.
": Rubio was kicking back on his $80k boat he bought with lobbyist money and claimed it was from book sale profit lol"
Lightweight Senator Marco Rubio is polling very poorly in Florida. The people cant stand him for missing so many votes - poor work ethic!
Little Marco Rubio, the lightweight no show Senator from Florida is just another Washington politician.
Mitt Romney didnt show his tax return until SEPTEMBER , , and then only after being humiliated by Harry R! A bad messenger for estab!
As I stated at the press conference on Friday regarding David Duke- I disavow.
Why would the people of Texas support Ted Cruz when he has accomplished absolutely nothing for them. He is another all talk, no action pol!

Little Marco Rubio, the lightweight no show Senator from Florida, is set to be the "puppet" of the special interest Koch brothers. WATCH!
Making a big speech in Alabama today. So many people we had to move to a football stadium! Come and join us!
I am the only Republican who will get large numbers of Dems and Indies (crossover). I will also get states that no other Republican can get.
While Hillary and I both won South Carolina by big margins, Repubs got far more votes with a massive increase from past cycles.GROWING PARTY
The Republican Establishment has been pushing for lightweight Senator Marco Rubio to say anything to "hit" Trump.I signed the pledge-careful
While I hear the Koch brothers are in big financial trouble (oil), word is they have chosen little Marco Rubio, the lightweight from Florida
": A lot more water after this bombshell, Rubio. You are an enemy of America. "
": It is better to live one day as a lion than years as a sheep. "
": anything is better than "
": It is a sad commentary little boy Marco Rubio cant win in his home state. Floridians despise him as a opportunist phony."
" Marco Amnesty Rubio is the front man of Amnesty.
": GO TRUMP"
": DonaldTrump is a leader. He is a successful person that, like me, isnt afraid to tell it like it is." Governor
We need to fix our broken education system! :
THANK YOU Arkansas! Get out &amp; on Tuesday. We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT AGAIN!
Incredibly proud of my son &amp; his efforts on behalf of in Memphis, TN.
It was an honor to be the Grand Marshall- in the Salute to Israel Parade back in .
Just watched lightweight Marco Rubio lying to a small crowd about my past record. He is not as smart as Cruz, and may be an even bigger liar
. was just banned by - their loss! Tough, loyal guy.
I started my business with very little and built it into a great company, with some of the best real estate assets in the World. Amazing!
I only wish my wonderful father, Fred, gave me $200 million to start my business like lightweight Rubio says. He didnt - total fabrication!
Fun to watch the Democrats working so hard to win the great State of South Carolina when I just won the Republican version - amazing people!
I am self-funding my campaign and am therefore not controlled by the lobbyists and special interests like lightweight Rubio or Ted Cruz!
Tax experts throughout the media agree that no sane person would give their tax returns during an audit. After the audit, no problem!
I unfairly get audited by the I.R.S. almost every single year. I have rich friends who never get audited. I wonder why?
": Theres only one real candidate, and its you! Donors control the other candidates! " Thank you.
: Friends: If you live in AL, AK, AR, CO, GA, MA, MN, OK, TN, TX, VT or VA, get out and VOTE on Tuesday!
I will be on at :30 A.M. Will be talking about lightweight Marco Rubio and lying Ted Cruz!
": Michigan GOP poll /24/2016 Trump Rubio Cruz Kasich Carson " Wow!
Thank you Pastor Robert Jeffress!
": A majority of evangelicals believe is best equipped to save the country. "
": Trump is a genius. Rubio and Cruz are not. I want a brilliant mind to run this country."
": in contrast to Rubio and Cruz you look like a giant. They look terribly weak" Thank you!
What I would do on my first day in office. :
Thank you Texas! amazingsupporters!
Never let them see you sweat!
Thank you for your support &amp;friendship- Governor !
They dont like Rubio in Florida- he left them high &amp; dry. Doesnt even show up for votes!
Lightweight Marco Rubio was working hard last night. The problem is, he is a choker, and once a choker, always a choker! Mr. Meltdown.
Wow, every poll said I won the debate last night. Great honor!
Lightweight choker Marco Rubio looks like a little boy on stage. Not presidential material!
Lying Ted Cruz and lightweight choker Marco Rubio teamed up last night in a last ditch effort to stop our great movement. They failed!
Will be at Fort Worth (Texas) Convention Center at :30 A.M. Big crowd - get there early! Big announcement to be made!
Why would the people of Florida vote for Marco Rubio when he defrauded them by agreeing to represent them as their Senator and then quit!
Have a good chance to win Texas on Tuesday. Cruz is a nasty guy, not one Senate endorsement and, despite talk, gets nothing done. Loser!
I will be making a speech at :00 in Fort Worth, Texas. Really big crowd expected. Will be talking about the debate last night-plus, plus!
Lightweight Marco Rubio was working hard last night. The problem is, he is a choker, and once a choker, always a chocker! Mr. Meltdown.
": yup Polish immigrants were hired by his contractor not Trump"
": Cruz talks about Hillary all the time because he knows he cant beat you ! Trump will win Texas !"
": trump won the debate. Disgusting Rubio said "peed" - is he still in junior high school."
": Marco Cruz and Ted Rubio (easy to get the two politicians confused) looked like desperate, panicked DC insiders tonight"
": "thats because youve never hired anyone to do work before" favorite line from tonights debate."
": Tonight you proved to America you are the real deal. You took fire from all sides, stayed composed, returned fire and WON!
": he won almost all polls and Mark Halperin gave him an A-
": Vote Early in the will "
": Also, all the things Rubio&amp;Cruz were using for hits, just petty. Trump, clearly the only one w/all the skills."
Big day in Texas tomorrow! Having a rally in Fort Worth. Tremendous crowd. Will be exciting!
All the online polls have me winning the debate. I really enjoyed the evening. Not easy, but good.

Thank you! Polls
!
Thank you! WE WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Failed presidential candidate was made to look like a fool by Senator Harry Reid &amp; didnt release his tax returns until /21/12.
THANK YOU! ://
FMR PRES of Mexico, Vicente Fox horribly used the F word when discussing the wall. He must apologize! If I did that there would be a uproar!
Early on Ted Cruz said that if he didnt win South Carolina, its over. He didnt win- and lost to me in a landslide!
Thank you Illinois!
Join me in Oklahoma tomorrow night! ://
Im going to do what was totally unable to do- WIN!
LETS MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!Schedule &amp; tickets:
Signing a recent tax return- isnt this ridiculous?
Just for your info, tax returns have to do w/ someones net worth. I have already filed my financial statements w/ FEC. They are great!
Why doesnt just endorse already.Should have done it before NH or Nevada where he had a little sway. Too latenow!
Mitt Romney, who was one of the dumbest and worst candidates in the history of Republican politics, is now pushing me on tax returns. Dope!
Great new poll. Thank you Texas!
": hates to see Trumps success when he was so pathetic
": Romney is a pawn of the Establishment and has no individual thought process. He is jealous of Trump!"
": Romney should have been a tough guy with Obama. He cowered and lost. BADLY! Hes not relevant!"
": Love it! is done. We need someone who is proven. will make America Great Again"
": Trump is so impressive and no other politician has his passion &amp; energy to
": A vote for or is a vote for corruption, special interests and lobbyists. Trump for POTUS!
": Mr Tough Guy Romney should be backing Trump like Trump backed him last time "
Ted Cruz is lying again. Polls are showing that I do beat Hillary Clinton head to head. Check out Poll snd Q Poll.
Texas, Georgia &amp; many more VOTE EARLY! This is a movement! VOTE VIDEO:
": Thats why we are angry. The Republican Establishment will not support you. You are who the American people want!"
": This Texan will be voting Trump March st. Cruz is a fake Texan!"
. Chris, thank you so much for your wonderful endorsement. I will not let you down!
When Ted Cruz quits the race and the field begins to clear, I will get most of his votes - no problem!
Why would Texans vote for "liar" Ted Cruz when he was born in Canada, lived there for years-and remained a Canadian citizen until recently
When Mitt Romney asked me for my endorsement last time around, he was so awkward and goofy that we all should have known he could not win!
": Oh great is doing a on like losing the presidency wasnt enough " Hes a fool
Mitt Romney,who totally blew an election that should have been won and whose tax returns made him look like a fool, is now playing tough guy
The polls show that I picked up many Jeb Bush supporters. That is how I got to %. When others drop out, I will pick up more. Sad but true
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
In all of television- the only one who said anything bad about last nights landslide victory-- was dopey . He should be fired!
I am in Virginia Presidential forum with Dr. Pat Robertson- beginning now! Watch here:
I am self funding my campaign &amp; dont owe anybody anything! I only owe it to the American people! :
. Poll and say that I beat both Hillary and Bernie, and I havnt even started on them yet!
Big defeat last night in Nevada for Ted Cruz and Marco Rubio. on is working hard to belittle my victory. Rove is sick!
did great on television this morning. Poised, smart and strong, with a big heart - so much to offer. We are all proud of you!
Melania will be interviewed by on now (8:30 A.M.). ENJOY!
THANK YOU NEVADA! !Username: realdonaldtrump
THANK YOU NEVADA! WE WILL MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT AGAIN!
Make sure you get on the Trump line and are not mislead by the Cruz people. They are bad! BE CAREFUL.
: locator -&gt;
Exclusive interview w/ my wife - tomorrow morning amE on w/ . Enjoy!
GO VOTE FROM NOW TO :30 P.M. NEVADA. I WILL BE AT VARIOUS CAUCUS SITES. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
: Very proud of what my father has accomplished in the past months -Wishing him amazing luck and success tonight! _
My wife Melania will be on tomorrow morning at :00. Interviewed by - Enjoy!
Thank you Sparks, Nevada! Finder:
Club for Growth is the group that came to my office seeking $1 million dollars. I told them no and now they are doing negative ads.
Great. Just reported on that many people who supported are now supporting me. I knew that would happen, pundits didnt!
Wow, great Ohio poll. Shows me leading by points, beating K!
Unlike the other Republican candidates, I will be in Nevada all day and night - I wont be fleeing, in and out. I love &amp; invest in Nevada!
: Nevada remember you can "Vote and Go" - walk in vote and walk out!Caucus locator: https:/_
Join us in Sparks, Nevada today! ://
": Ed Rollins is the only one of those people that understands process &amp; gets it right"
I am growing the Republican Party tremendously - just look at the numbers, way up! Democrats numbers are significantly down from years past.
": TRUMP IS UNSTOPPABLE....HE IS WHAT COMMON SENSE AMERICANS WANT WHETHER REPUBLICAN, INDEPENDENT OR A REAGAN DEMOCRAT.
": gets it. Was just on explaining how Trump wins the general election." Thank you Ed!
Ted Cruz lifts the Bible high into the air and then lies like a dog-over and over again! The Evangelicals in S.C. figured him out &amp; said no!
Ted Cruz does not have the right "temperment" to be President. Look at the way he totally panicked in firing his director of comm. BAD!
Wow was Ted Cruz disloyal to his very capable director of communication. He used him as a scape goat-fired like a dog! Ted panicked.
Ted Cruz only talks tough on immigration now because he did so badly in S.C. He is in favor of amnesty and weak on illegal immigration.
THANK YOU LAS VEGAS, NEVADA! ://
Join me live- now in Las Vegas, Nevada! We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT AGAIN!
: Nevada: Here is a quick video created on "How to Caucus" - very quick and simple! _
Ted Cruz said on that illegals sent out of country by my administration would come right back as citizens. Another lie-crazy!
A big fat hit job on tonight. A total waste of time to watch, boring and biased. said I would never run, a dope!
Great Town Hall tonight at :00 P.M. (Eastern) conducted by on
Thank you Vermont! ://
Thank you Michigan! %Kasich %Cruz %Rubio %Carson %Via: ARG
Great poll! Thank you North Carolina! on /15!Trump %Cruz %Rubio %Carson %Kasich %Via
WOW! Thank you Massachusetts! See you soon. ://
Just watched the very incompetent Mitt Romney Campaign Strategist, Stuart Stevens. Now I know why Mitt lost so badly. Stevens is a clown!
Thank you Illinois! Great news! on /15!Trump %Cruz %Rubio %Kasich %Bush %Carson %Simon Poll/SIU
: Thank you Elko County, Nevada. So much amazing feedback from my forum today I really appreciate it ht_
I will be on tonight- from Las Vegas, Nevada at pmE. Enjoy!
Ted Cruz should be disqualified from his fraudulent win in Iowa. Weak RNC and Republican leadership probably wont let this happen! Sad.
Just saw the phony ad by Cruz - totally false, more dirty tricks. He got caught in so many lies - is this man crazy?
Ted Cruz has now apologized to Marco Rubio and Ben Carson for fraud and dirty tricks. No wonder he has lost Evangelical support!
Ted Cruz has been playing an ad about me that is so ridiculously false - no basis in fact. Take ad down Ted. Biggest liar in politics!
Wow, Ted Cruz falsely suggested Marco Rubio mocked the Bible and was just forced to fire his Communications Director. More dirty tricks!
It is so important to audit The Federal Reserve, and yet Ted Cruz missed the vote on the bill that would allow this to be done.
Thank you for your endorsement ! Video:
Many people are now saying I won South Carolina because of the last debate. I showed anger and the people of our country are very angry!
": Florida starts early voting on March extending to March . Absentee ballots have been sent out! "
": No matter what liar sleazeball says about in Tennessee. We have early voting and has won.
I hear the Rickets family, who own the Chicago Cubs, are secretly spending $s against me. They better be careful, they have a lot to hide!
": FLORIDIANS ARE UPSET BECAUSE RUBIO DID NOT DO WHAT HE PROMISED ONCE HE WAS ELECTED! VOTE TRUMP"
": You really rocked them hard in S.C. Rubio and Cruz were pummled. So glad Jeb is gone! Next no liar!"
The reason that Ted Cruz lost the Evangelicals in S.C. is because he is a world class LIAR, and Evangelicals do not like liars!
I am in Las Vegas, at the best hotel (by far), Trump International. I will be working with my wonderful teams and volunteers to WIN Nevada!
": Nevada we are on our way! Caucus locator: "
A number of months ago, I was not expected to win South Carolina,Ted Cruz was, and yet I won in a landslide - every group and category. WIN!
THANK YOU Atlanta, Georgia! Leaving for Nevada now. Lets MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!
: Nevada we are on our way! locator:
: OMG! Looks like the latest DRUDGE REPORT poll results! How can that be? _
: Just back from a dinner in West Hollywood: shocked the majority of the table was voting for Trump but they would never_
Thank you South Carolina!
A quote was read from a parody account last night on MSNBC re: Jeb.
The failing Wall Street Journal should fire both its pollster and its Editorial Board. Seldom has a paper been so wrong.Totally biased!
I will be live on all of the major morning talk shows. Enjoy!
Thank you for your amazing help and support. Big win, leaving now for Atlanta and Nevada.The people of South Carolina got it!
": This is the best reaction shot Ive ever seen lol "
What a great night. Thank you South Carolina, a special place with truly amazing people! LOVE
People (pundits) gave me no chance in South Carolina. Now it looks like a possible win. I would be happy with a one vote victory! (HOPE)
": This veteran just voted in the SC primary, lets make America great again!"
South Carolina voters have the future of our country in their hands. Vote now (today), and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Remember that Marco Rubio is very weak on illegal immigration. South Carolina needs strength as illegals and Syrians pour in. Dont allow it
I wonder if President Obama would have attended the funeral of Justice Scalia if it were held in a Mosque? Very sad that he did not go!
": All aboard the Trump Train!"
": Trump expressed concerns months after the Iraq War began, while % of Americans still supported the war. "
I am the only candidate (in many years) who is self-funding his campaign. Lobbyists and $ interests totally control all other candidates!
": this veteran voted for Trump in TX early voting! "
": EVERYBODY ON TWITTER GET OUT TO VOTE FOR TRUMP TODAY IN SOUTH CAROLINA"
": is the only one who will protect American interests. "
": WHY DOES TED CRUZ LIE SO MUCH? LETS FACE IT TED NEVER CREATED EVEN JOB HIS ENTIRE LIFE! :
": Mr.Trump...BOTH Cruz AND Rubio are ineligible to be POTUS! Its a SLAM DUNK CASE!! Check it! "
": is really starting to campaign hard for marcorubio. " He is weak on illegal immigration!
": Get out &amp; if you dont NOTHING will change its that simple! "
": TheTrump phenomenon summed up: Leadership, Fighter and Winner. Not a Liar "
Lying Cruz just (on election day) came out with a sneak and sleazy Robocall. He holds up the Bible but in fact is a true lowlife pol!
": If you want a job next January today. will work for the people."
": Im a Regan Dem and believe in your message! God bless you and your campaign!"
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Just finished two major speeches in South Carolina. Big crowds, great people. Going for a third now!
Boycott all Apple products until such time as Apple gives cellphone info to authorities regarding radical Islamic terrorist couple from Cal
Hopefully others will follow suit. Our country needs &amp; should demand security. It is time to get tough &amp; be smart!
I use both iPhone &amp; Samsung. If Apple doesnt give info to authorities on the terrorists Ill only be using Samsung until they give info.
I have built so many great &amp; complicated projects creating tens of thousands of jobs-video:


Remember, Cruz and Bush gave us Roberts who upheld twice! I am the only one who will !
Im self-funding and I am going to take care of the people not the special interests and insurance companies like the other candidates.
I will replace it with private plans, health savings accounts, &amp; allow purchasing across state lines. Maximum choice &amp; freedom for consumer.
I was referring to a backstop for pre-existing conditions. I will eliminate the law, in its entirety, &amp; replace it w/ something much better.
I was asked about healthcare by Anderson Cooper &amp; have been consistent- I will repeal all of , including the mandate, period.
A message from ! :
Thank you South Carolina! Everyone get out and vote tomorrow! We will !
": Tonight on CNN was GREAT. Loved the intimacy of conversation w the people"
Tonight I will be on with at pm and w/ at :10pm. Enjoy!
We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT AGAIN! ://
: "Pope Francis, tear down that wall!"
Join us Saturday night- for the South Carolina Primary Watch Party!
Join us tomorrow night in Charleston, South Carolina!
: Pope Francis: Tear Down the Vatican Wall!
: Pope on Trump: "A person who thinks only about building walls...is not Christian." This is Vatican City.
: Most , policies of any nation in world...
: . - Pope who lives in a Vatican city fortified with huge walls thinks its wrong to build walls? Really?
Response to the Pope:
I agree with Marco Rubio that Ted Cruz is a liar!
. is changing their theme from "fair and balanced" to "unfair and unbalanced." But dying is worse.Their phony poll is a joke!
Thank you South Carolina! Together, WE WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Thank you America! ://
New CBS National Poll just out - massive lead for Trump. The Wall Street Journal/NBC Poll is a total joke. No wonder WSJ is doing so badly!
I love being in South Carolina. We are leading big in all of the State polls - Saturday is a BIG day. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The just out USA Today National Poll, where I lead by big numbers, shows that in a head to head matchup, I beat both Hillary and Bernie.
Amazing that while I lead by big numbers in the new Q and and USA Today polls, the the press only wants to report on the phony WSJ/NBC poll.
Watch my interview on , Joe and Mika, now! Have a great evening.
Join us tomorrow in Kiawah, South Carolina! ://
Remember, watch MSNBC tonight at :00pm. An in-depth interview with &amp; .
I will be interviewed from Charleston, South Carolina by and at pm tonight for one hour on . Enjoy!
THANK YOU AMERICA!
Thank you Nevada!

Jeb Bush just got contact lenses and got rid of the glasses. He wants to look cool, but its far too late. % in Nevada!
Just out Nevada poll shows Jeb Bush at %, he should take his dumb mouthpiece, , and just go home.
. is so biased it is disgusting. They do not want Trump to win. All negative!
I will beat Hillary easily, but Lindsey Graham says I wont, and yet he got zero against me- no cred! Why does FOX put him on?
., who had zero in his presidential run before dropping out in disgrace- saying the most horrible things about me on .
Interesting how President Obama so haltingly said I "would never be president" - This from perhaps the worst president in U.S. history!
": Scary how smoothly Cruz looks into the camera and lies about Trump, CANT be ! "
": BUSTED AGAIN: in Hot Water Over Possibly Illegal Fundraising " The guy is bad news
Why does devote so much time on her shows to me, almost always negative? Without me her ratings would tank. Get a life Megyn!
": FOX: TRUMP HATERS R SCARED BECAUSE THEY LOSE - TRUMP IS WINNING "
Thank you for your nice words - great knowledge and style! We are doing really well in South Carolina.
": Theyre too lame to get it, Sir. When you win the election theyll get it."
. thinks that when Republicans drop out of the race, someone will pick up ALL of that vote. The fact is I will get much of it!
Explain to and , who know nothing, that I will beat Hillary and win states (and dem-indie votes) that no other R can!
Will be interviewed by tonight by phone- a late show first . Enjoy!
Thank you, South Carolina!
Thank you to the + in North Augusta, South Carolina. Lines down the block! Dont forget to VOTE on Saturday!
Unreal! Highly respected Senator Tom Coburn- said this about Cruz:
is thinking of Captain Andrew Maitner. A true American hero.
Just sat down for a great interview with in Greenville today. Watch at pm. An amazing day in South Carolina!
Thank you!
New PPP Poll just out - Trump up big, Cruz, Rubio and Bush down. The debate results, even with a stacked RNC audience, were wonderful!
Spent the full day at meetings and a major rally yesterday in South Carolina. Great people and spirit. Today will be more of the same.
New South Carolina poll from PPP. Thank you!
What a night! amazing supporters in Greenville, South Carolina! THANK YOU!VOTE on Saturday!
Thank you for your continued support!
RESPONSE TO THE LIES OF SENATOR CRUZ:
JEB is a hypocrite! Used massive private "Eminent Domain" --- Just another clueless politician!
Jeb used Eminent Domain &amp; took advantage of a disabled vet in the process. (2/2)
Id like to call JEB a liar, but the truth is he has no clue &amp; never revealed that he used Eminent Domain- when criticizing me! (1/2)
Now that George Bush is campaigning for Jeb(!), is he fair game for questions about World Trade Center, Iraq War and eco collapse? Careful!
I will be in South Carolina all week. Saturday is BIG, BIG, BIG! Get out and vote - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
Jeb Bush and Ted Cruz are not electable presidential candidates, Hillary would destroy them. Ted may not be eligible to run - born in Canada
Funny that Jeb(!) didnt want help from his family in his failed campaign and didnt even want to use his last name.Then mommy, now brother!
Ted Cruz, along with Jeb Bush, pushed Justice John Roberts onto the Supreme Court. Roberts could have killed ObamaCare twice, but didnt!
Wow, in the new CBS Poll I went way up into the forties! Thank you!
Tickets for future debates should be put out to the general public instead of being given to the lobbyists &amp; special interests - the bosses!
Loved the debate last night, and almost everyone said I won, but the RNC did a terrible job of ticket distrbution. All donors &amp; special ints
Thank you for your support! TOGETHER we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I will be on Face the Nation with John Dickerson on CBS this morning. Enjoy!
This shows what a complete &amp; total liar Ted Cruz is- he said he wouldnt have nominated John Roberts. Really?
": Jeb is incompetent and will lose, dont waste your energy on that cry baby!"
Even though every poll, Time, Drudge etc., has me winning the debate by a lot, only puts negative people on. Biased - a total joke!
": you crushed the debate! Thank you!

Hey - see how I beat your boy Ted- in your own Blaze poll? Your endorsement means nothing!
!
All polls have me winning debate big- Drudge, TIME, etc. Dopey Charles Krauthammer still nasty. He has zero cred- totally dishonest!
How can beat Hillary Clinton- if he cant beat anyone else on the stage with $150M? I am the only one who can!
Thank you! I miss my father.
Lightweight said tonight he didnt know his family used private eminent domain in Texas- Lie!
On the way to the with my wonderful wife .
Ted Cruz is a cheater! He holds the Bible high and then lies and misrepresents the facts!
Nasty Ted Cruz is at it again- same dirty tricks he used w/ - saying I may not be on ballot &amp; I hold liberal positions. LIES!
Wow! Honored to be chosen by the highly respected + accurate Washington &amp; Lee Mock Convention. I hope you are right - I will make you proud!
The totally unexpected loss of Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia is a massive setback for the Conservative movement and our COUNTRY!
Love the people of South Carolina - look very much forward to the debate tonight.
": On , , Shipping To : Im The Only One Who Understands Whats Going On "
": Im fed up w/ DC playing card Monty w/ our tax $s. Its time we the people play the Trump card, &amp; take back our country
": will rule ! "
": We know better than to trust the RNC " So cute!
: Nevada: Reminder that today is the LAST day to register to vote in the February rd caucus!
Thank you, South Carolina! We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT AGAIN!
"Get on Trumps List" email from the RNC was not authorized. I am self funding my campaign! Do not pay.Email:
": was right! Vote trump! Bring our jobs back. " I told you so, only going to get worse
": stop sending me emails asking me to donate and get a free DonaldTrump sticker. I support him and hes self funding!
": Trump will be our next POTUS..every American will benefit positivey from this."
": They are all going crazy! We the people do not care at all! We are with Trump!!"
": Lets Get United In America With "
A very big thank you to Bill Donohue, head of The Catholic League, for the wonderful interview on and article in Newsmax! Great insight
Totally unauthorized, do not pay. I am self funding my campaign! Notice has just been withdrawn.
The RNC, which is probably not on my side, just illegally put out a fundraising notice saying Trump wants you to contribute to the RNC.
Now an additional -700 jobs in America (2,000) being eliminated for move to Mexico- via Hartford Courant.
": Nice column by Bill Donahue, head of Catholic League. Hes a blue collar New Yorker and gets it "
I am the only one who can fix this. Very sad. Will not happen under my watch! ://
Now that I have settled my litigation with Univision, I look forward to sitting down with their star anchor (not baby) for an interview.
I just made a very satisfactory settlement with Univision over the $10,000,000 they owed me for Miss Universe broadcasting rights.Alls well
Watch Cashin In with this morning at :30 A.M. on - will be a great show!
Just got back from Tampa. It was an amazing evening with an even more amazing crowd - fantastic people! Will be in South Carolina tomorrow.
Word is that little Morty Zuckermans loses more than $50 million per year---can that be possible?
When little Morty Zuckerman closes his failing will I at least be given some credit? Will happen soon.
inside venue tonight in Tampa! Broke record set by Elton John in w/out musical instruments! Another outside. Will be back!
I will end illegal immigration and protect our borders! We need to MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT AGAIN! ://
!
Millions of $s of false ads, paid for by lobbyists-special interests of cheater and sleepy , are now running in S.C.
": Do Americans really want a Canadian-born president? First non native born in history?"
" good I want to see the court decide what I was always told "natural born" means - born on American soil"
": you have just been put on notice We Stand with you... " Thankyou.
Last time lightweight tried to knock off he made a total fool of himself. If he doesnt do better this time, he is out!
If doesnt clean up his act, stop cheating, &amp; doing negative ads, I have standing to sue him for not being a natural born citizen.
Lightweight is spending a fortune of special interest against me in SC. False advertising- desperate and sad!
After hearing the news that they would not be able to extort $1M from me, they went hostile w/ a series of incorrect &amp; ill-informed ads.
Nothing conservative about the Club for Growth coming into my office and demanding a $1M contribution, which naturally, they did not get.
You must be registered Republican by February th to vote TRUMP in the Florida primary.
The failing , destroyed by little Morty Zuckerman, is preparing to close and save face by going online. Its dead!
NEVADA! Tomorrow is the deadline to register Republican.Visit: from :
How can Ted Cruz be an Evangelical Christian when he lies so much and is so dishonest?
Lying Cruz put out a statement, Trump &amp; Rubio are w/Obama on gay marriage." Cruz is the worst liar, crazy or very dishonest. Perhaps all ?
Weak JEB getting thrown out by management during speech. Do you think he will be this tough on Putin &amp; others?
THANK YOU- Baton Rouge, Louisiana! WE will !
Just landed in Baton Rouge, Louisiana. Reports are out that lines are three quarters of a mile to get in. Wow!
Cruz caught cold in lie after denial of push polls like lies w/ . How can he preach Christian values?
": Ted Cruz is the definition of sleaze. Just ask "
Heading to Baton Rouge, Louisiana for a speech. Expecting a very large crowd! See you soon.
Will be interviewed tonight on tonight at pm EST. Enjoy your evening!
We are getting reports from many voters that the Cruz people are back to doing very sleazy and dishonest "pushpolls" on me. We are watching!
Jeb failed as Jeb! He gave up and enlisted Mommy and his brother (who got us into the quicksand of Iraq). Spent $120 million.Weak-no chance!
He (or she) who hesitates is lost: MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Remember, it was the Republican Party, with the help of Conservatives, that made so many promises to their base, BUT DIDNT KEEP THEM! Hi DT
. showed a focus group on me using a very bad word. I never said the word, left an open blank. Please apologize!
Jeb Bush spent more than $40,000,000 in New Hampshire to come in or , I spent $3,000,000 to come in st. Big difference in capability!
There are no buyers for the worthless but little Mort Zuckerman is frantically looking. It is bleeding red ink - a total loser!
I have been consistent in my opposition to Common Core. Get rid of Common Core--- keep education local!
THANK YOU- Clemson, South Carolina!
": Which is it ?Are you planning on getting rid of Common Core or keeping it? Get rid of it fast.
I was referring to the fact that Jeb Bush wants to keep common core.
Big speech tonight in South Carolina - :00 P.M. Tremendous crowd!
So funny, Jeb Bush called me a "highly gifted politician and a great entertainer" - I assume that is a compliment!
Such a great experience in New Hampshire - amazing people! Will be leaving for a big event in South Carolina today.
Like the worthless , looks like will be going out of business. Bad reporting- no money, no cred!
Worthless , which dopey Mort Zuckerman, is desperately trying to sell, has no buyer! Liabilities are massive!
Dopey Mort Zuckerman, owner of the worthless , has a major inferiority complex. Paper will close soon!
Will be on at :15 A.M.
": My report card grades for the New Hampshire winners: DonaldTrump A: v strong energy/close. BernieSanders B+: went too long
Thank you to the people of New Hampshire, I love you! Now, off to South Carolina.
Thank you, New Hampshire! Departing with my amazing family now! ://
We will stop heroin and other drugs from coming into New Hampshire from our open southern border. We will build a WALL and have security.
We will immediately repeal and replace ObamaCare - and nobody can do that like me. We will save $s and have much better healthcare!
ISIS is making big threats today - no respect for U.S.A. or our "leader" - If I win it will be a very different story,with very fast results
New Hampshire vote today - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
You can find your polling locations at:
A message to the great people of New Hampshire on this important day! :
Thank you for a great night at the Verizon Wireless Arena- New Hampshire!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I will be interviewed on at :40. A.M. Enjoy!
Will be interviewed on at :00 A.M. Enjoy!
The polls are now showing that I am the best to win the GENERAL ELECTION. States that are never in play for Repubs will be won by me. Great!
No-one has done more for people with disabilities than me. I have spent many millions of dollars to help out-and am happy to have done so!
I know the "Governors" and Jeb Bush, who has gone nasty with lies, is by far the weakest of the lot. His family used private eminent domain!
Remember wants COMMON CORE (education from D.C.) and is very weak on ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION ("come as act of love"). Not a leader!
Thank you, New Hampshire!
Thank you, New Hampshire! questions?
://
Now that Bush has wasted $120 million of special interest money on his failed campaign, he says he would end super PACs. Sad!
Todays third stop- Londonderry, New Hampshire! Thank you!
: "Jeb is a weak guy." ://
: .: Trump has had a lot more responsibility to deal with than any of the other GOP candidates
America needs strong leadership. Politicians can talk but they dont get things done. Video:
Everybody is laughing at Jeb Bush-spent $100 million and is at bottom of pack. A pathetic figure!
Jeb Bush is desperate - strongly in favor of and very weak on illegal immigration.
Thank you for your support at this mornings Town Hall- in Salem, New Hampshire.
Jeb Bush has zero communication skills so he spent a fortune of special interest money on a Super Bowl ad. He is a weak candidate!
My two wonderful sons, Don and Eric, will be on at :02 - now! Enjoy.
So far the Super Bowl is very boring - not nearly as exciting as politics - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I am in New Hampshire having a great time! Loved the last night! Everybody enjoy the Super Bowl.
Thank you- Plymouth, New Hampshire!
Thank you Newt!
We are going to have a big event at the Verizon Wireless Arena in Manchester, New Hampshire! K+! Join us tomorrow:
Great to meet everyone while having breakfast this morning! ://
.
I will be on Meet the Press with Chuck Todd on NBC this morning. Enjoy!
I am on now! Tune in!
I will be on State of the Union with at am. Enjoy!
": : "This has been a great debate for Donald Trump.""
": Trump just talked on MSNBC like a man who knows he had a very good night."
": Trump won that debate. People can huff &amp; puff all they like but he was the best candidate on the night.
": Jeb Bush was as ineffectual as ever. As always, calls it right: Trump held them off. "
": Trump shows courage in defending eminent domain as a necessity for construction of infrastructure"
": Trump hits it out of the park in describing effective deal making"
": Trump, Kasich, Jeb and Christie all had good nights."
": Latest UMass Tracking Poll. NH GOP Trump (+1) Rubio (-1) Cruz (-1) Jeb (+2) Kasich (+2)"
": Cokie Roberts says Donald Trump had a really good night."
": Donald Trump won that debate hands down, Christi beat up Rubio.
": My debate report card: Christie A-, Trump A-, Bush B+, Kasich B+, Cruz B, Carson C, Rubio D. Full report cards here.
": Cruz really seems out of his element in New Hampshire. It is such a different battlefield then Iowa and the South."
"naldTrump: "The police in this country have done an unbelievable job of keeping law and order." "
": . dominating searches throughout . "
": . led in conversation during the . "
Come join us at the Verizon Wireless Center- Manchester, New Hampshire on /8! Register now:
: Debate ready!!!
I love New Hampshire - will be an exciting evening!
": : IA caucus hasnt picked nominee in years! Cruz dirty tricks stole it. Trump way ahead in primary states.
": If I owned a big company that was failing, Id hire DonaldTrump to make it great again-Rubio/Cruz wouldnt be considered"
": AMERICA...Stop being duped...WAKE UP Cruz &amp; Rubio establishment phonies. DonaldTrump only truthful &amp; not owned candidate"
": How come Rubio&amp;Cruz are going to turn America around but did nothing in the Senate for USA?"
Join me tomorrow in Plymouth, New Hampshire! ://
The New Hampshire drug epidemic must stop. If elected POTUS- I will create borders &amp; the drugs will stop pouring in.
": He is for America! Security for America! Jobs for America! There is no other leader!"
Wow, Jeb Bush, whose campaign is a total disaster, had to bring in mommy to take a slap at me. Not nice!
": is the only hope to "
": all candidates liars. Trump is the only one that speak the truth people need to hear what Trump is saying."
": Trump Will WIN the Debate like he has WON ALL the others! He is heads above the rest! " Thanks!
": DonaldTrump: no raise in years, home not worth what I paid for it, healthcare is a joke Obama is a liar. TRUMP "
Border agent: "We might as well abolish our immigration laws altogether"
I said this was happening long ago- I will stop this immediately!
It never ends!
I told you so. Our country totally lost control of illegal immigration, even with criminals.
people in South Carolina, unbelievable evening! Will be in New Hampshire tomorrow- love it.
Really dumb . Begged my people for a job. Turned her down twice and she went hostile. Major loser, zero credibility!
": Donald Trump loves America! He loves Americans! He loves our Vets!
: Watch: Donald Trump OWNS A Heckler Who Said Illegal Immigrants Are The Backbone Of America
": why vote for Trump? Unlike politicians all talk, Trumps talk materializes! He will make America great again
Join me at Clemson University on Wednesday, February th! ://
Heading to South Carolina, really big crowd! Will be back in New Hampshire tomorrow.
Such great support in New Hampshire. So many people are working so hard to !
I very much look forward to tomorrows debate in New Hampshireso many things to say, so much at stake. It will be an incredible evening!
Live Free or Die: A motto for the whole country to follow. ://
Big storm in New Hampshire. Moved my event to Monday. Will be there next four days.
Join us Monday, February th the Verizon Wireless Arena in Manchester, New Hampshire!
": I agree. Great businessman. I like your tone tonight! Keep it up &amp; youll have this Democrats vote."
Watch on NOW!
I will be interviewed by Anderson Cooper at pm on from New Hampshire. Should be very interesting!
Taking a helicopter to New Hampshire, boarding now. Amazing activity planned. New UMASS poll, very nice!
Politicians are trying to chip away at the nd Amendment. I wont let them take away our guns! :
This is the Cruz voter violation certificate sent to everyone, a misdemeanor at minimum.
. - as per the show, an even more serious Cruz charge is the fraudulent voter violation certificate sent to everyone.
: &amp; discuss what Ted Cruz did to the great people of Iowa- as they went to vote.
Thank you &amp; . Ted Cruz should be immediately disqualified in Iowa, with each candidate moving up one notch.
Sanders says he wants to run against me because he doesnt want to run against me. He would be so easy to beat!
THANK YOU to everyone in Little Rock, Arkansas tonight! A record crowd of K. ://
: CONSTRUCTIVE WINS! _ http_
Stop the assault on American values. Stand w/ Trump to !:
Thank you New Hampshire!
Dr. Ben Carson blasted Ted Cruz for "deceit and dirty tricks and lies."
Cruz just lied again- I am, and have been totally against - repeal and replace!
The State of Iowa should disqualify Ted Cruz from the most recent election on the basis that he cheated- a total fraud!
This was sent out from Ted Cruz- as Iowans arrived at their caucus sites to vote.
I will be interviewed on at :00 P.M. Enjoy!
Based on the fraud committed by Senator Ted Cruz during the Iowa Caucus, either a new election should take place or Cruz results nullified.
And finally, Cruz strongly told thousands of caucusgoers (voters) that Trump was strongly in favor of ObamaCare and "choice" - a total lie!
The Voter Violation certificate gave poor marks to the unsuspecting voter(grade of F) and told them to clear it up by voting for Cruz. Fraud
Many people voted for Cruz over Carson because of this Cruz fraud. Also, Cruz sent out a VOTER VIOLATION certificate to thousands of voters.
During primetime of the Iowa Caucus, Cruz put out a release that was quitting the race, and to caucus (or vote) for Cruz.
Ted Cruz didnt win Iowa, he stole it. That is why all of the polls were so wrong and why he got far more votes than anticipated. Bad!
Great job on tonight begged us for a job. We said no and she went hostile. A real dummy!
On my way to New Hampshire- expecting a big and spirited crowd! ://
Anybody who watched all of Ted Cruzs far too long, rambling, overly flamboyant speech last nite would say that was his Howard Dean moment!
" All you haters need to realize Trump got the second highest vote in history. And hes never held office!"
" Iowa is meaningless...keep pushing forward, run the table in NH SC NV and Super Tuesday. America needs you! "
: a real leader that truly cares about America &amp; our values. He wants to bring prosperity back USA
" Amazing job in Iowa! Cruz just barely won."
" if you can do that well in Iowa then I see you acing it in all other significant states. Momentum is growing"
: Remarkable how cost-effective Post says Trump campaign was per vote and stunning how much Jeb spent per vote.
" You MUST win the Presidency in !!!"
. on : He finished nd but he made the turn successfully like a pro"
: The prevailed! Smart for to keep his speech short &amp; sweet. Ditto for who was brie_
I dont believe I have been given any credit by the voters for self-funding my campaign, the only one. I will keep doing, but not worth it!
I will be talking about my wonderful experience in Iowa and the simultaneous unfair treatment by the media-later in New Hampshire. Big crowd
The media has not covered my long-shot great finish in Iowa fairly. Brought in record voters and got second highest vote total in history!
Because I was told I could not do well in Iowa, I spent very little there - a fraction of Cruz &amp; Rubio. Came in a strong second. Great honor
My experience in Iowa was a great one. I started out with all of the experts saying I couldnt do well there and ended up in nd place. Nice
Time to get out &amp; caucus! , , &amp; will be out at:
The time to caucus is approaching! ://
: CEDAR RAPIDS --TRUMPS DAUGHT IVANKA:"I can just say without equivocation, my father will make America great again."
: Sat down w/ here in Iowa. Talked God, late night tweets
://
A message to the great people of Iowa on this historic day.Find your caucus site here:
It all begins today - WE WILL FINALLY TAKE OUR COUNTRY BACK AND MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
On now!
I will be interviewed on at :10 A.m. Enjoy.
I will be interviewed on the at :00. Enjoy!
://
Join us! WATERLOO: CEDER RAPIDS:
. &amp; his wife attended the - here w/ Governor .
Watch show you how easy it is to in Iowa! Video:
: Trump winning over Latino Republicans, poll says | New York Post
So nice to get an endorsement from the founder and owner of Pizza Ranch in Iowa! A great guy and great places!
It is time to take back our country- and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Video:
I will be interviewed on Face The Nation with this morning. Enjoy!
I am in Iowa. Will be interviewed on This Week With this morning. ENJOY!
If I would have done the last debate, a record would have been set (instead of the poor ratings recieved). Also, VETS got $6,000,000.
By not doing the failed, poorly rated debate, I was able to make the point of not allowing "unfairness" - while raising $6,000,000 for VETS.
Wow, just saw an ad - Cruz is lying on so many levels. There is nobody more against ObamaCare than me, will repeal &amp; replace. He lies!
Ted Cruz is in trouble for not reporting his bank borrowing in his very important Financial Disclosure Form. Very low interest loans, scam!
Ted Cruz is totally unelectable, if he even gets to run (born in Canada). Will loose big to Hillary. Polls show I beat Hillary easily! WIN!
I will be going to church in Iowa this morning with my wife, Melania. After church I will be making two speeches and touring the State!
. is a total phony and con man. When I wouldnt give him free hotel rooms and much more, he endorsed Cruz.
. asked me to do an event. The people holding the event called me to say he wanted $100,000 for himself.Phony
. is a total phony and dishonest guy. Asked me for expensive hotel rooms, free (and more). I said pay and he endorsed Cruz!
The Cruz campaign issued a dishonest and deceptive get out the vote ad calling voters "in violation." They are now under investigation. Bad!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! ://
://
I want to thank evangelical Christians for the warm embrace Ive received on the campaign trail. Video:
I will be in Iowa all day and until Tuesday morning. Finally, after all these years of watching stupidity, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Hillary Clinton is a major national security risk. Not presidential material!
THANK YOU to all of the incredible volunteers, behind the scenes in Iowa!
": damn fox is really acting like a baby today. I guess Trump got under their skin - pretty biased!
": So Bill if America was SO LONGING to learn more about candidates why the percent audience loss?"
Looking forward to a great weekend in Iowa! :
. The people of Iowa love the fact that I stuck up for my rights, as I will do for the U.S. Also got $6,000,000 for our VETS!
. is the only network that does not even mention my very successful event last night. $6,000,000 raised in one hour for our VETS.
Amazing that Ted Cruz cant even get a Senator like , who is easy, to endorse him. Not one Senator is endorsing Canada Ted!
. looks more like a gym rat than a U.S. Senator. How the hell did he ever get elected?
The great State of Nebraska can do much better than as your Senator. Saw him on - totally ineffective. Wants paid for pols.
The new e-mail release is a disaster for Hillary Clinton. At a minimum, how can someone with such bad judgement be our next president?
Thank you for all of your support Iowa! finder:
They say that if I participated in last nights Fox debate, they would have had million more &amp; would have broken the all time record.
Thank you, America!
Join me tomorrow in Dubuque, Iowa! ://
Thank you- Nashua, New Hampshire! ://
"Every American needs to say simple words to every Vet they meet: THANK YOU!" John Wayne Walding
Thank you!Mitchell FOX2 Michigan Poll finds Trump holds -1 lead over closest GOP opponents.Trump % Clinton %
Great Twitter poll- and I wasnt even there. Thank you!
Getting ready to take off for Nashua, New Hampshire. Big crowd, will be there soon. Fun!
Iowa was amazing last night. The event could not have worked out better. We raised $6,000,000 for our great vets. They were so happy &amp; proud
Thank you for your interest &amp; support during last nights ! finder:
Good morning America! Thank you for all of your support in the latest Drudge poll!
Thank you for your support!
Thank you, America!
/1/2016 :30pm!Iowa caucus finder:
Thank you for the kind words tonight, . You were great! See you soon!
I will take care of the Veterans who have served this country so bravely. Video:
An unbelievable night in Iowa with our great Veterans! We raised $6,000,000.00 while the politicians talked!
Watching biased Charles , a flunky who didnt know that I won every debate, in particular- the last one. Check polls!
"Donald Trump Hands Bill OReilly Cable TV Viewership Win"- -
Finder:
I hear that $$ man, Robert Mercer, a good man, is very angry because Cruz lied to him about liquidating his (Teds) holdings.?
Most Anticipated Hotel Openings of : Trump International Hotel, Washington D.C.
Tennessee GOP Poll %Cruz %Carson %Rubio %Christie %Jeb %
It is my great honor to support our Veterans with you! You can join me now. Thank you! ://
Finder:
Being politically correct takes too much time. We have too much to get done!
What America Needs: The Case for Trump Great new book by the esteemed Jeffrey Lord Available now.
": I hope has enough bandwidth tonight because not many will be watching . Watching Trump tonight "
": So brings in to add credibility in her fight with ? "
": "
": Pathetic attempt to bribe He cant be bought"
The "debate" tonight will be a total disaster - low ratings with advertisers and advertising rates dropping like a rock. I hate to see this.
": why do they have so many debates this year?? Also, why is Cruz still allowed to run, hes not eligible"
": Mr. Trump, why does Cruz hate Canada so much. He should embrace his roots, its a great country" So true!
Wow, two candidates called last night and said they want to go to my event tonight at Drake University.
": new WSJ poll shows pulling ahead of in . " Great!
": ...Hold up a mirror so the network cameras show how big the crowd is." GREAT IDEA!
": Sounds like the advertisers want Trump, he knows what he is doing.
": I respected Cruz ppl until this lie. Were just tired of it from your side. z " NO!
": debate Cruz one on one. I would just tell him that you were to busy running for the President of USA, not Canada"
": Checked YOUR wallet lately, Mr Ailes?"
": takes hit on advertising revenues by screwing with ROFL! "
": pm channel CNN I will be watching Trump tonight. Want to have a person in the White House that takes no BS."
": is fighting corruption. Big donors took over Cruz. No to Donors"
": And this is the bimbo thats asking presidential questions? "
": Our ReTrumplican Trump support group of members say % will not watch the debate tonight!"
": Looking forward to watching Donald Trump rally Thursday night on CNN!!"
Finder:
On Greta, % of the people said they would not watch the debate if Im not in it. Wow- what an honor!
FOX debate advertising rates falling like a rock! Tune into my special event for the Veterans at pm EST!
Thank you- Lexington, South Carolina! ://
It was the childishly written &amp; taunting PR statement by Fox that made me not do the debate, more so than lightweight reporter, .
I will be interviewed on tonight at :00 P.M. (Eastern). Enjoy!
I am self funding my campaign so I do not owe anything to lobbyists &amp; special interests.
: LIMBAUGH: By not showing, hes owning entire event...
Even though I beat him in the first six debates, especially the last one, Ted Cruz wants to debate me again. Can we do it in Canada?
Just got to listen to Rush Limbaugh - the guy is fantastic!
The statement put out yesterday by was a disgrace to good broadcasting and journalism. Who would ever say something so nasty &amp; dumb
I refuse to call Megyn Kelly a bimbo, because that would not be politically correct. Instead I will only call her a lightweight reporter!
CBSs FACE THE NATION - Posts Largest Audience Since

Pathetic attempt by to try and build up ratings for the . Without me theyd have no ratings!
Thank you, America!
"Trump shows complete domination of Facebook conversation"
"Minorities Line Up Behind Donald Trump" ://
THANK YOU! finder:
Do you think knows about dealings? Actually, I doubt it!
Should I do the ?
. begged me to do an event while asking organizers for $100,000 for himselfa bad guy!
Great honor- Rev. Jerry Falwell Jr. of Liberty University, one of the most respected religious leaders in our nation, has just endorsed me!
://
For the great people of Iowa, find your location at - so important to vote!
Why doesnt phony tell his followers all the times he asked for him and his family to stay at my hotels-didnt like paying
I will end common core. Its a disaster.
": The next president isnt on ur stage. is the next president."
": CRUZ IS DONE "
": . Idiot Bob Plaats on CNN is DELUDED! Cruzs favorability ratings are %, NO ONE LIKES HIM. VOTE TRUMP INSTEAD!"
" hits new heights in national poll at %"
"Donald Trump retains national lead in new ABC News/WaPo poll with %: "
: VIDEO: announces a very powerful endorsement will be coming today.
I will be interviewed by on at :30 A.M. Enjoy.
": it makes me not wanna watch debate because I know they are going to treat Trump unfair"
I will be doing this morning at around :00. Likewise, I will be doing at around :00. Figure it out!
": A huge disappointment to see constantly attack DonaldTrump. It has become almost unbearable to watch her show."
": just google glenn beck bio. U can tell no education, very poorly written.
": I believe in Trump!!!"
": Megan can not contain her bias, its in every show, Fox owners Saudi Prince agnstT"
": I listen to Glenn Beck and literally nothing he says makes any sense. Same with The View."
": It will never happen. Fox will drop Kelly if it means no Trump. Nobody will watch w/o Trump."
": My pal was just on Megan Kellys show! He digs Trump. Thank you David, you were great!
": BECK wanted to commit suicide after surgery, clearly is unbalanced!"
Thank you - Farmington, New Hampshire!
Just landed in New Hampshire. Will be at the venue shortly.
" &amp; leading POLLS w/ one week until ...MORE on the elections TONIGHT on PM"
Phyllis Schlaflys Eagle Forum: National Review Will Be Defunct In The Next Year
Leaving now for New Hampshire. Big crowd- looking forward to it!
Cruz lies are almost as bad as Jebs. These politicians will do anything to stay at the trough!
Cruz going down fast in recent polls- dropping like a rock. Lies never work!
Ted Cruz is a nervous wreck. He is making reckless charges not caring for the truth! His poll are way down!
I will be on with from -7pm est. on .
I will be on Mornings with Maria on the Fox Business Network tomorrow during the am and am ET hours.
Find out where to on caucus night in Iowa on /1/16! ://
Obamas deal vs. Trumps deals-
: RUMSFELD: Trump "has a touched a nerve in our country...in a way that most politicians have not been able to do." - https:/_
: tromps . Day after storm of the century the big city is up and running unlike others in the northeast. Mu_
Join us in Iowa, tomorrow! :00pm: :
I will be on The Situation Room with from -7pm est on CNN
I want to win for the people of this great country. The only people I will owe are the voters. :
IPSOS/REUTERS POLLThank you!
Its time for Ted Cruz to either settle his problem with the FACT that he was born in Canada and was a citizen of Canada, or get out of race
": Rubio isnt experienced enough to be Commander in Chief. Rubio is a carbon copy of Obama. We need a true leader Vote Trump"
": LETS GET TRUMP!! GO TRUMP!! USA!USA!"
": will be overtaken by . We are superior and have more supporters. ."
": trump right again ! Nobody supports Canuck Cruz
": Hillary is so afraid of him. The GOP is afraid of him. The American people embrace him! Lets elect him, DonaldTrump
": From Canada to Goldman Sachs to the kitchen sink, Trump has picked Cruz apart for weeks. "
: Trump +15 on Cruz in weeks. Cruz may look back and ask why he ever attacked Trump. DT has killed him ever since.
": ... You are like Superman, everywhere! But Im keeping up. Great!
": Everyone B smart! U know deep down Trump is the ONLY able to best LEAD"
": Its time we take America back! No more puppet presidents! " So true!
": You said it best! "
Fox News PollThank you, New Hampshire!
New Fox News PollThank you, Iowa!
I will make our Military so big, powerful &amp; strong that no one will mess with us.
I will be on Face The Nation this morning at various times across the U.S. Enjoy!
I will be on this morning at various times across the U.S. Enjoy!
": i honestly believe you are the only one who can make .
": Dow down almost pts since start of year, but still outperforming Wall Streets investment in Jeb.
": . Great comment after last rally on "Triumph with Trump or lose with Cruz." "
": I just love the way Ann Coulter remembers your acts of kindness Donald Trump....GO Trump we love you"
": Full Speech: Donald Trump Campaign Rally in Pella IA (1-23-16) via One of his best ever"
Love making correct predictions. National Review is over.
Word is that crying left the GOP and doesnt have the right to vote in the Republican primary. Dumb as a rock.
Serious doubt in Illinois as to whether or not Cruz can run for President. First of many challenges.
Just left a great event in Pella. Going to church tomorrow in Muscatine, Iowa.
I will be on FOX with the great tonight at pm EST! Enjoy!
. such an honor to get your endorsement. You are a fantastic guy! It will not be forgotten. Don and Eric say hello!
Heading now to Pella, Iowa. Big crowd! Remember, Trump is a big buyer of Pella windows. See you soon!
For the great people of Iowa, find your location at . So important to vote!
Just left Sioux Center, Iowa. My speech was very well received. Truly great people! Packed house- overflow!
A wonderful story on Iowa voters by of the .
Failing lost all credibility. Not only was he fired FOX, he would have voted for Clinton over McCain.
Based on conflict of interest and bias she should not be allowed to be a moderator of the next debate.
Heading to Sioux County, Iowa, where the crowd is amazing. Dr. Robert Jeffress will make the introduction. Make America Great Again!
Ted Cruz poll numbers are down big. Because he was born in Canada and was, until recently, a Canadian citizen, many believe he cannot run!
I am in Iowa watching all of these phony T.V. ads by the other candidates. All bull, politicians are all talk and no action-it wont happen!
. has been amazing. We will win and establish strong borders, we will build a WALL and Mexico will pay. We will be great again!
I will be the greatest job-producing president in American history. ://
": Dow down almost pts since start of year, but still outperforming Wall Streets investment in Jeb. JEB wants Common Core
": One year from today. "
I am in Iowa. Will be making two speeches today. Good luck to all of the great folks on the East coast. Enjoy the beauty of the storm!
": cancelling my subscription- you people are idiots. WILL be our next President. "
A wonderful article by a writer who truly gets it. I am for the people and the people are for me. ://
Is Cruz honest? He is in bed w/ Wall St. &amp; is funded by Goldman Sachs/Citi, low interest loans. No legal disclosure &amp; never sold off assets.
Cruz did not renounce his Canadian citizenship as a US Senator- only when he started to run for . He could be Canadian Prime Minister.
Cruz says I supported TARP, which gave $25 million to Goldman Sachs, the bank which loaned him the money he didnt disclose. Puppet!
The only reason irrelevant doesnt like me is I refused to do his failing show - asked many times. Very few listeners - sad!
., one of the National Review lightweights, came to my office begging for money like a dog. Why doesnt he say that?
Just watched Jebs ad where he desperately needed mommy to help him. Jeb --- mom cant help you with ISIS, the Chinese or with Putin.
Ted Cruz went down big in just released Reuters poll - whats going on? Is it Goldman Sachs/Citi loans or Canada?
Rush Limbaugh is great, tells it as he sees it---really honorable guy! Thanks Rush!
The tax scam Washington Post does among the most inaccurate stories of all. Really dishonest reporting.
Just received the new Fox poll.Thank you, America!
Wow! New National Zogby Poll just out:.TRUMP . CRUZ . RUBIO . Big numbers.
Leaving Nevada now for Iowa. Things are looking good - great new polls!
New National GOP Zogby Poll ://
"National Black Republican Association Endorses Donald J. Trump" ://
New Reuters poll! Thank you!
The dying National Review has totally given up the fight against Barrack Obama. They have been losing for years. I will beat Hillary!
Wow! This might be my highest yet! Thank you to my opposition- you are totally ineffective &amp; have been for years!
Our veterans are being treated worse than illegal immigrants. I will take care of our VETs.
": Poor Jeb. I couldve sworn I saw him outside Trump Tower the other day! "
": Truth be told, I never heard of The National Review until they "tried" to declare war on you. No worries, you got my vote!"
After spending $89 million, is at the bottom of the barrel in polls. He is ashamed to use the name "Bush" in ads. Low energy guy!
The failing National Review Magazine has just been informed by the Republican National Committee that they cannot participate in debate
": Poll: Trump has more support in Florida than Rubio and Bush combined. "
": clarified how is used to interpret meaning of "
": , Washington Post: Constitutionally speaking, simply isnt eligible to be president "
Highly respected Constitutional law professor Mary Brigid McManamon has just stated, "Ted Cruz is not eligible to be President." Big problem
": calls Cruz "constitutional hypocrite" on
eligibility to be President not settled law, says Cruz Constitutional Law Professor, "
": With your help we can ! "
": No sleep for the !"
": Isnt it time we had a president? Let goofy Glen keep Canada Cruz who cant win. The American people have Trump!"
Ted Cruz complains about my views on eminent domain, but without it we wouldnt have roads, highways, airports, schools or even pipelines.
Will be on at :00., or minutes!
: Make America Great Again!
The late, great, William F. Buckley would be ashamed of what had happened to his prize, the dying National Review!
Very few people read the National Review because it only knows how to criticize, but not how to lead.
National Review is a failing publication that has lost its way. Its circulation is way down w its influence being at an all time low. Sad!
Thank you, Iowa!
Why does have a fired Bushy like dummy, John Sununu on- spewing false info? I will beat Hillary by a lot, she wants no part of Trump.

Thank you, New Hampshire!
Thank you!
Thank you, Iowa!
Happy birthday to my friend, the great - a totally special guy!
New Day on CNN treats me very badly. is a disaster. Not going to watch anymore.
I will be speaking at South Point Hotel in Las Vegas at :00 P.M. Get there early, big crowd expected!
Low energy candidate has wasted $80 million on his failed presidential campaign. Millions spent on me. He should go home and relax!
Sad sack has just done another ad on me, with special interest money, saying I wont beat Hillary - I WILL. But he cant beat me.
So sad that and many others refused to show the massive crowd at the arena yesterday in Oklahoma. Dishonest reporting!
": Remember when Glenn gave out gifts to ILLEGAL ALIENS at crossing the border? Me too!"
": "
THE NATIONVideo:
": Youre the only candidate we can trust, other candidates are controlled by their donors! "
Wacko is a sad answer to the endorsement that Cruz so desperately wanted. Glenn is a failing, crying, lost soul!
": Trump destroyed Hillary &amp; Sanders moved in. But he didnt destroy her, Trump did. " So true!
I will be interviewed on tonight at :00 P.M. Enjoy!
New CNN/WMUR New Hampshire poll just released. Thank you!
Bob Dole Warns of Cataclysmic Losses With Ted Cruz, and Says Donald Trump Would Do Better via New York Times:
Thank you, New Hampshire!
Thank you, Florida!
K in OK! Had to turn away k, but we are coming back soon to take care of them! So much love in the crowd! Thanks!
: Trading in the beautiful snow of Iowa for the red dirt of Oklahoma as planned, despite what the media is trys no... htt_
Great rally in Iowa! Such wonderful people. Traveling now with to Tulsa- massive crowd expected!
CHANGING EXPERIENCEVideo:
Will be interviewed on at :00 A.M. (Eastern). Enjoy!
I wil be interviewed on the at :00 A.M. Enjoy!
": Breaking News: Sarah Palin has endorsed Donald Trump in the GOP primary - appeal to Tea Party loyalists "
": President Donald Trump (just getting used to it)" Wow, very nice!
I am greatly honored to receive Sarah Palins endorsement tonight.Video:
Judge Jeanine Slams GOP Establishment:
- VIDEO:
Palins brand among evangelicals is as gold as the faucets in Trump tower, said Ralph Reed, the chairman of the Faith &amp; Freedom Coalition.
: I look forward to being on with at :40pmET.
Wow, the highly respected Governor of Iowa just stated that "Ted Cruz must be defeated." Big shoker! People do not like Ted.
A true honor to receive the endorsement of John Waynes daughter....read:
In the just released SC poll I increased my lead by points since last poll by same firm. Up by ! Cruz dropped .
Thank you for your strong testimony when welcoming me to Liberty University, yesterday- .
Thank you Georgia! I appreciate all of your support.
.- Just read your complete statement. You are an amazing guy &amp; I really appreciate your words &amp; support. I will see you soon!
On my way to Iowa- just received new national poll numbers. Thank you!
Really disgusting that the failing New York Times allows dishonest writers to totally fabricate stories.
Dope Frank Bruni said I called many people, including Karl Rove, losers-true! I never called my friend a loser- hes a winner!
. Conflicting Stances on Birthright Citizenship [14th Amendment] Gives credit.
Wow, new polls just out have Trump up and Cruz down - he is a nervous wreck!
. great job on . Thank you for the very smart and kind words!
". Exclusive: Says He Will Protect Evangelicals Better Than "
I dont think Ted Cruz can even run for President until he can assure Republican voters that being born in Canada is not a problem. Doubt!
Ted Cruz is falling in the polls. He is nervous. People are worried about his place of birth and his failure to report his loans from banks!
I loved being at Liberty University today! Record setting crowd, unbelievable people! Thank you Jerry and Becki!
We launched a new series of videos via Facebook. A new topic everyday! Watch:
A great morning with everyone ! Thank you! Off to New Hampshire now. ://
Leaving for Liberty University. Ill be speaking today in front of a record crowd.
Just a reminder that Ted Cruz supported liberal Justice John Roberts who gave us .
Thank you for the kind words. I am very proud of the role model you are for so many. NH &amp; IA radio ad:
": great on too" Thank you Ben for your nice comments on debate!
I am self-funding my campaign - putting up my own money, not controlled. Cruz is spending $millions on ads paid for by his N.Y. bosses.
Far more killed than anticipated in radical Islamic terror attack yesterday. Get tough and smart U.S., or we wont have a country anymore!
Big announcement in Ames, Iowa on Tuesday! You will not want to miss this rally!
Iran is going to buy jetliners with a small part of the $150 billion we are giving them...but they wont buy from U.S., rather Airbus!
In Iran deal we get prisoners. They get $150 billion, most wanted and many off watch list. This will create great incentive for others!
Interesting read from Peggy Noonan.
Is this the New York that Ted Cruz is talking about &amp; demeaning?
Wow! Ted Cruz received $487K in campaign contributions, $11M from a NY hedge fund mogul, &amp; $1M low int. loan from Goldman Sachs. Hypocrite
Departing NH now- great morning with record crowd in Portsmouth- in a snow storm! Thank you!
Greatly dishonest of to file a financial disclosure form &amp; not list his lending banks- then pretend he is going to clean up Wall St
When will give all the New York based campaign contributions back to the special interests that control him.
Everybody that loves the people of New York, and all they have been thru, should get hypocrites like Ted Cruz out of politics!
If Ted Cruz is so opposed to gay marriage, why did he accept money from people who espouse gay marriage?
Ted is the ultimate hypocrite. Says one thing for money, does another for votes.
Great new numbers. Thank you! ://
Ted Cruz purposely, and illegally, did not list on his personal disclosure form personally guaranteed loans from banks. They own him!
Based on the fact that Ted Cruz was born in Canada and is therefore a "natural born Canadian," did he borrow unreported loans from C banks?
Oh no, just reported that Ted Cruz didnt report another loan, this one from Citi. Wow, no wonder banks do so well in the U.S. Senate.
The Ted Cruz wiseguy apology to the people of New York is a disgrace. Remember, his wifes employer, and his lender, is located there!
Was there another loan that Ted Cruz FORGOT to file. Goldman Sachs owns him, he will do anything they demand. Not much of a reformer!
Ted Cruz said he "didnt know" that he was a Canadian Citizen. He also FORGOT to file his Goldman Sachs Million $ loan papers.Not believable
Ted Cruz was born in Canada and was a Canadian citizen until months ago. Lawsuits have just been filed with more to follow. I told you so
More radical Islam attacks today - it never ends! Strengthen the borders, we must be vigilant and smart. No more being politically correct.
. is a total clown. Has zero credibility!
. please explain to the very dumb and failing that I supported John McCain big league in , not Obama!
Just got back from Iowa - had a great time with amazing people. Will be back soon!
. Thank you Geraldo for your nice words on tonight. You are a true champion! Thank - great guy!
" got ass kicked by last night-He offended every New Yorker &amp; has no answer to Natural Born issue
Jusr watched on - he was great!
: obvious to all that he raised some GREAT, responsible, patriotic kid_
Top searched candidate by state, as seen in the media filing center. WE WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Sen. Lindsey Graham embarrassed himself with his failed run for President and now further embarrasses himself with endorsement of Bush.
Jeb Bush, who did poorly last night in the debate and whose chances of winning are zero, just got Graham endorsement. Graham quit at O.
WSJ/NBC Poll: Donald Trump Widens His Lead in Republican Presidential Race.
": Enjoyed watching at his rally yesterday! Ive never seen the Bay Center that packed! "
": no one wants a Bush or a Clinton, they want a straight shooter like TRUMP!"
": Massive crowd in Pensacola, Florida! Unbelievable! THANK YOU! "
": Thousands packed into the Pensacola Bay Center to see Donald Trump tonight... " A fantastic evening!
Do you think Iran would have acted so tough if they were Russian sailors? Our country was humiliated.
": Standing with as he defends our sailors and military and Americans in the USA "
": There isnt anything Donald Trump says that I dont agree with. Go Trump!"
.: "Trumps appeal to evangelicals is real"
United States looks more and more like a paper tiger. Wont be that way if I win!
Iran humiliated the United States with the capture of our sailors. Horrible pictures &amp; images. We are weak. I will NOT forget!
Stuart Stevens is a dumb guy who fails virtually everything he touches. Romney campaign,his book,etc. Why does put him on?
Why does &amp; waste airtime by putting failed campaign strategist, Stuart Stevens - who lost BIG for Romney - on the show?
.- unbelievable job on with . That was better than I could do!
THANK YOU! ://
THANK YOU, IOWA! Highly respected poll just released.
: REUTERS ROLLING: TRUMP %, CRUZ %, BUSH %, CARSON %, RUBIO %... MORE...
Thank you! ://
My nomination would increase voter turnout. ://
Sadly, there is no way that Ted Cruz can continue running in the Republican Primary unless he can erase doubt on eligibility. Dems will sue!
": THIS ELECTION IS ABOUT AMERICAS FUTURE, VOTE TRUMP"
Thank you for your support last night, Iowa!
Iran toys with U.S. days before we pay them, ridiculously, billions of dollars. Dont release money. We want our hostages back NOW!
Numerous polls have me beating Hillary Clinton. In a race with her, voter turnout will be the highest in U.S. history-I get most new voters!
The State Of The Union speech was one of the most boring, rambling and non-substantive I have heard in a long time. New leadership fast!
Just found out that is spending a fortune on Iowa push polls negative to me. Not nice, but OK! New polls are great.
The speech is really boring, slow, lethargic - very hard to watch!
The Iran deal is terrible. Why didnt we get the uranium stockpile - it was sent to Russia.
New CBS poll. ://
Another new Iowa poll just released. Thank you!
Such a serious problem for Ted &amp; the GOP. Great doubt, Dems will sue! Lets all work together to solve this problem.
On my way to Cedar Falls, Iowa, now. Will be great--I love the people of Iowa!
THANK YOU!
The Tonight Show begins in minutes. Enjoy!
. horrible advise to Mitt Romney made victory an impossibility. Dont blame Mitt! Now Stevens cant get a job!
": . --failed "strategist" who cant find clients criticizes winning . Stop complaining &amp; try winning
Fantastic job on tonight. is a winner!
Dont forget to watch The Tonight Show with the wonderful at :30 P.M. You will not be disappointed!
Face The Nations interview of me was the highest rated show that they have had in years. Congratulations and WOW!
. Major Garrett of covers me very inaccurately. Total agenda, bad reporter!
Thank you Michael Harrison for your kind words - greatly appreciated!
Will be on with on at :35pmE. Enjoy!
. recently said that she cant be wooed by Trump. She is so average in every way, who the hell wants to woo her!
New Iowa poll. Thank you!
. is retiring their elephants-- the circus will never be the same.
Congratulations to of Face the Nation on his highest ratings in years. million people watched my interview! Thank you!
Just arrived in New Hampshire. Thank you to all of my supporters!
So professional of news to throw out the failing newspaper from their debate. Paper wont survive, highly unethical!
Great job on Fox this morning . I am sending out for your book immediately. Thank you very much!
Congratulations to my friend on winning a . A wonderful guy- who has created something special- well deserved!
Why does w/ allow a hater &amp; racist like to waste good airtime? can do much better than him!
Thank you to our law enforcement officers!
Union Leader refuses to comment as to why they were kicked out of the ABC News debate like a dog. For starters, try getting a new publisher!
UL has lost all credibility under Joe McQuaid w circulation dropping to record lows. They arent worthy of representing the great people NH.
This is really unfair and a conflict for all the other candidates. I said it should not be allowed and ABC agreed.
If their highly unethical behavior, including begging me for ads, isnt questionable enough, they have endorsed a candidate who cant win.
I am pleased to announce that I had the Union Leader removed from the upcoming debate.
Remember, get TIME magazine! I am on the cover. Take it out in years and read it again! Just watch...
Heading now for Reno, Nevada, for a big rally. Good poll numberd all over!
In the just out Poll, I easily beat Hillary Clinton - and I havnt even focused on her yet. On our way: MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Yesterday in Iowa was amazing - two speeches in front of two great sold out crowds. They love that I am the only candidate self-funding!
I will be interviewed by on this morning. Enjoy!
I will be interviewed by Chris Wallace on this morning. Enjoy!
": Trump pummels his opponents - and the press | SunHerald " Thank you!
I want to thank the people of Iowa for an unbelievable day. The crowds were amazing. Will be back Tuesday!
Will be on Meet the Press with tomorrow morning. Enjoy!
I will be interviewed by Chris Wallace on Fox tomorrow morning. Tune in!
Im protesting the from having anything to do w/ ABC debate. Their unethical record doesnt give them the right to be involved!
(2/2) David brilliantly tells it like it is -- the real deal! Read it!
(1/2) Time Magazine has me on the cover this week. David Von Drehle has written one of the best stories I have ever had.
Thank you so much. Earnest must have been a great person.
., watched on and appreciate your statements --- I have been waiting for them for a long time. Thank you.
Thank you, - Chris Cillizza. It is a true person of character that can change his opinion &amp; do what is right.
Constitutional law expert Tribe of Harvard says "wrong to say it (natural born citizen) is a settled matter-it isnt settled).
South Carolina rally last night was so unbelievably exciting (and fun). I am now off to Iowa for two big rallies - packed houses. Love it!
Pat Buchanan gave a fantastic interview this morning on - way to go Pat, way ahead of your time!
Great even in SC tonight! Fire Marshall would not let everyone in-- turned away. Thank you for coming!
Will be at venue, in wonderful South Carolina, very soon. Big traffic back-up, tremendous crowd! Will be wild.
Poll - THANK YOU!

Love seeing union &amp; non-union members alike are defecting to Trump. I will create jobs like no one else. Their leaders cant compete!
I hope all workers demand that their reps endorse Donald J. Trump. Nobody knows jobs like I do! Dont let them sell you out!
On my way to South Carolina. Big Crowd--- look forward to it!
Not good news for Jeb Bush
Hank Greenberg, formerly of AIG, gave $10 million to the campaign months ago. He is not happy, a total waste of money!
": You did great and showed courage going to Burlington. No other GOP candidate would do what you did tonight!"
": I agree with you on this. wont be good. He will be great!"
": Key State Florida Poll: Trump % Beats - Combined "
": DonaldTrump, wish I could attend one of your rallies, none are close enough. Make America Great Again for my Kids.Thank you
Great time in Burlington, Vermont. Crowd was amazing.
We could only get a small fraction of this k crowd in. The movement to Make America Great Again is unbelievable!
Im leaving now for Burlington, Vermont. It will be wild!
Joy Behar, who was fired from her last show for lack of ratings, is even worse on . We love Barbara!
The , once great when headed by , is now in total freefall. Whoopi Goldberg is terrible. Very sad!
: Explosive Trump attack on HRC, Bill, Monica, Cosby, and Weiner. Trump camp just upped the ante on "womens rights"
Hillary and her friends!
Weak &amp; ineffective is doing ads where he shows his statement in the debate but not my response. False advertising!
I have an idea for whose campaign is a disaster. Try using your last name and dont be ashamed of it!
. Ted--free legal advice on how to pre-empt the Dems on citizen issue. Go to court now &amp; seek Declaratory Judgment--you will win!
Massive crowd in VT tonight. Venue not big enough. Officials say NO to outside event and sound system. Arrive early!
Man shot inside Paris police station. Just announced that terror threat is at highest level. Germany is a total mess-big crime. GET SMART!
I will be in beautiful Burlington, Vermont, tonight for a rally. Will be great fun. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
It was a very wise move that Ted Cruz renounced his Canadian citizenship months ago. Senator John McCain is certainly no friend of Ted!
. was one of the worst performing stocks on the S&amp last year, plunging %. Very disloyal company. Another win for Trump! Boycott.
The failing newspaper in N.H. just sent The Trump Organization a letter asking that we take ads. How stupid, how desperate!
Do you believe that in NH was demanding ads? Look at enclosed letter from them, just received:
I will be on for a interview today. Please join us PM ET.
Huge crowd expected tomorrow night! VT Police say first come, first serve. Arrive early!
Dont like golf swing. Not athletic. Ive won many club championships. Play him for charity!
I dont cheat at golf but cheatswith his game he has no choiceand stop doing commercials!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to my son, ! Very proud of you!
Germany is going through massive attacks to its people by the migrants allowed to enter the country. New Years Eve was a disaster. THINK!
Will be interviewed on at :00 A.M. Enjoy!
": Trump single handedly did what no other politician ever dared to do, attacked the media for all their lies"
": Have to get people of all ages out to vote for Donald Trump!"
": I am so glad u are for Trump your program is my favorite. The Don is by far the best"
": Women make up the fastest growing market in gun sales. And Hillary wants to take those rights away from women!"
": mr trump you were excellent on tonight" Thank you!
": ISIS Reportedly Murders Spies Calls Slave of the Video ARE YOU WELCOME NOW"
": . Somewhere in that crowd am I. The Gymnasium was electric, the crowd unstoppable &amp; Kingly."
": If Trump doesnt win, we may not be able to recuperate America."
": gave an AWESOME speech in Claremont tonight!!
": if doesnt win, Im leaving this country "
I am in New Hampshire. Just received great news from Reuters poll. Thank you for your support!
" I love it when TRUMP calls out MSM for what they really are! Cams starting to show crowds at rallies!"
" Whats wrong with showing Morocco? Nothing! It illustrates a Point! Duh! Love the video!"
I dont know , to best of my knowledge havent played golf w/him &amp; think he does too many TV commercialsboring. Not a fan.
Wow circulation in NH has dropped from to around bad management. No wonder they begged me for ads.
": My Facebook Groups are all voting TRUMP /4000 people! !!" Great!
": watched lowell mass speech. Awesome. Great crowd. Make America Great Again!!!!!!"
": Iowa key endorsement for Cant wait for the Iowa caucus in weeks! "
": Minimizing dependency on China is crucial.Only Trump talks about that
": Donald get big business back and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN FOR "
": The crowd was HUGE "
": Mr. TRUMP this was your best, most energized one to date. ( and i have watched most of them)... WELL DONE
": Wow! Lets hear it for the Factor. Let the truth be known. More are beginning to realize is the real deal!
": Donald Trump hit one out of the ballpark in Lowell, MA tonight"
": Now -more IT Firms going over seas? There is a huge difference between a global economy and GREED!
The rally in Lowell, Massachusetts, was amazing. people going wild. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Woody Johnson, owner of the NYJets, is finance chairman. If Woody wouldve been w/me, he wouldve been in the playoffs, at least!
I look forward to being in Lowell, Massachusetts, today. I hear a very big crowd is expected--we will have lots of fun!
I will be interviewed on at :00. A.M. There is certainly plenty to talk about!
": Trump only wins with our votes. we must grow Trump nation and do our part. vote. This is our time.
": This is voting for . Thank you for supporting IOWA! " My great honor
By the way, Hillary &amp; the MSM forgot to mention that Hillary is in theAl-Shabaab terror video.
The worst thing Hillary could do is have her husband campaign for her. Just watch.
Iran, with all of the money and all else given to them by Obama, has wanted a way to take over Saudi Arabia &amp; their oil. THEY JUST FOUND IT!
": bashing distinguished women journalists wont win you votes" She is rd rate, a total dummy!
": I love &amp; REAL MEN w/ an opinion Exciting interesting controversial

: Its official -- everybody wants Donald Trump to be the President.
. of the was terrible today on Face The Nation.No focus, poor level of concentration-but correct on Hillary lying
. said today on that "attacking Bill to get to Hillary has never worked before." Wrong - attacked him in &amp; won!
Does anybody remember when Bill Clinton, in , worked long and hard for Hillary? She LOST! Now Bill is at it again. Just watch.
Thank you for your support in Biloxi, MS! Lets ALL get out &amp; VOTE in , so we can !
I will be interviewed on Face The Nation at :30 Eastern. Enjoy!
Hillary said that guns dont keep you safe. If she really believes that she should demand that her heavily armed bodyguards quickly disarm!
Al-Shabbab, not ISIS, just made a video on me - they all will as front-runner &amp; if I speak out against them, which I must. Hillary lied!
Hillary Clinton lied last week when she said ISIS made a D.T. video. The video that ISIS made was about her husband being a degenerate.
Will be doing on Sunday at :30 A.M. Later, Face the Nation at :30 on
Just returned from Mississippi - a great evening.
": Well done ....great display of Southern pride and hospitality at event. Fired up and ready to go!!"
": is much better than any rock concert! He knows how to fill a stadium."
Thank you , ! Remember this night &amp; spread the word to get out &amp; !
": How can you deny this fact.HillaryClinton and BarackObama are the two people who made a big problem"
A record K in , tonight! Thank you for your support!
: So proud to be out on the campaign trail with - thanks for an amazing night
Just arrived in Mississippi for the rally. Word is that the crowd is overflowing and massive. Will be an amazing evening!
Heading to Biloxi, Mississippi. Massive crowds expected. Thank you for your support!
Remember, I am self-funding my campaign, the only one in either party. Im not controlled by lobbyists or special interests-only the U.S.A.!
When I look at all of the money the special interests and lobbyists are giving to candidates, beware - the candidates are mere puppets $$$$!
I hope Bill Clinton starts talking about womens issues so that voters can see what a hypocrite he is and how Hillary abused those women!
Hillary Clinton doesnt have the strength or stamina to be president. Jeb Bush is a low energy individual, but Hillary is not much better!
Hillary Clinton said that it is O.K. to ban Muslims from Israel by building a WALL, but not O.K. to do so in the U.S. We must be vigilant!
. is a low energy "stiff" who should focus his special interest money on the many people ahead of him in the polls. Has no chance!
. is a sad case. A total embarrassment to both himself and his family, he just announced he will continue to spend on Trump hit ads!
Massive crowds expected in Mississippi tomorrow night. Look forward to it! IN PHOTOS:
&amp; together we will ! THANK YOU for your support!
Thank you so much to for naming me the Man of the Year. This is indeed a great honor for me!
The person that Hillary Clinton least wants to run against is, by far, me. It will be the largest voter turnout ever - she will be swamped!
": I have never been interested in politics but because of you I want to get my political science degree. " Great!
I will be going to Mississippi tomorrow night - hear the crowds are going to be massive! Look forward to it.
": Huckabee is a good man...but he needs to get behind " I agree!
": Im one of your biggest fans Mr Trump and I cant wait for you to Make America Great ifAgain! Never forget you have support!"
": We are Standing with you! Spreading the Word...Trump for President !! I wake &amp; sleep praying for you &amp; the USA!+Israel2"
": we love u to Trump Family. God bless you."
Well, the year has officially begun. I have many stops planned and will be working very hard to win so that we can turn our country around!
": theyre spending millions but youre still going to win - go Donald Trump"
": Hillary said she was in a "Fog of War" as explanation for the lies about Benghazi. No fog allowed in WH. Vote Trump POTUS!"
Happy New Year from ! Thank you to my great family for all of their support.
!
HAPPY NEW YEAR &amp; THANK YOU!
I will be on live, with members of my family, at :50 P.M. We will ring in the New Year together! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I would like to wish everyone A HAPPY AND HEALTHY NEW YEAR. WE MUST ALL WORK TOGETHER TO, FINALLY, MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN AND GREAT AGAIN!
Do you believe that The State Department, on NEW YEARS EVE, just released more of Hillarys e-mails. They just want it all to end. BAD!
THANK YOU ILLINOIS! Lets not forget to get family &amp; friends- out to VOTE IN !
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to my son, ! Very proud of you!
I would feel sorry for and how badly he is doing with his campaign other than for the fact he took millions of $s of hit ads on me

": Nevada Poll: Donald Trump %, Ted Cruz %, Marco Rubio %... via " Great news!
": Just heard a year old man say "I would rather work for Donald Trump than Bernie Sanders"its time for me to leave this party."
": On Point with Gov. Sarah Palin &amp; Donald Trump "
": Donald Trump is running the most cost-effective presidential campaign in modern history " Thank you!
": I have a message for Donald Trump: No, were not going to hate Latinos, were not going to hate Muslims." I fully agree!
": . reaction that is dropping out of the race. Your thoughts? "
": The Most Influential U.S. Gymnasts Of All Time: " Fantastic Shawn
People ask, "why do you tweet and re-tweet to millions about when he is so low in the polls?" Because of his big $ hit ads on me!
": I get pissed off every time I see his ads on Fox. Waste of money! Go Trump!" Many do!
": Jeb is such a lightweight"
": Veterans Love Trump" But I love the VETS even more!
": Patriots for trump! "
. has spent $63,000,000 and is at the bottom of the polls. I have spent almost nothing and am at the top. WIN!
": ALL OF AMERICA LOVES TRUMP!__ " Thank you.
A GREAT day in South Carolina. Record crowd and fantastic enthusiasm. This is now a movement to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I predict that dying newspaper, which has been run into the ground by publisher "Stinky" Joe McQuaid, will be dead in years!
A lovely letter from the daughter of the late great John Wayne. Our country could use a John Wayne right now.
Great poll- thank you Nevada!
Im going to be live with and to ring in the New Year . Everybody should tune in to tomorrow night!
Thank you Hilton Head, South Carolina!
Thank you Hilton Head, South Carolina!
I never thought Id be saying this but Ive really enjoyed on television lately, and he was terrific hosting
Joe McQuaid () is desperately trying to sell the . Its a loser, and my comments havent helped him much.
The dying newspaper in NH is in turmoil over my comments about them- like a bully that got knocked out!
": Good morning, Mr. Trump. Youre so AWESOME. "
": WOW! FANTASTIC!. WHO KNEW AMERICANS WERE SO SMART? GREAT TO KNOW WERE so smart"
": DonaldTrump - How do u do it Donald. No one could keep up with u at your pace. Shows how hard u will work for us as President"
": Keep the momentum going Mr. Trump. All the best to you for the New Year. Make America Great Again !" Thanks
": what do you think of Jeb cancelling his Iowa rally last night ? " I went, he didnt!
Iowa was fantastic last night, amazing crowd and people. Im now in Florida, getting ready to go to South Carolina. Big crowd, very exciting
. You were great on last night. Thanks for the nice words. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
THANK YOU Council Bluffs, Iowa! The silent majority, is silent no more!
Joe McQuaid () of the dying Union Leader wanted ads, lunches, donations, speeches from me, and tweets---very unethical.
The great people of New Hampshire, who I love, are not properly served by the dying Union Leader newspaper.
Shows how dumb Joe McQuaid () of the dying Union Leader is to put out the letter I wrote saying why I didnt do his failed debate!
New . Thank you America!
I hope does better for Rubio than he did at the hearings, which were a total disaster for Republicans &amp; America!
We need a real President!
Looking forward to being in Council Bluffs, Iowa, later today. Despite weather, rally is on -- will be fantastic! !
So, I have spent almost nothing on my run for president and am in st place. Jeb Bush has spent $59 million &amp; done. Run country my way!
My campaign for president is $35,000,000 under budget, I have spent very little (and am in st place).Now I will spend big in Iowa/N.H./S.C.
"Minorities line up behind.....Donald Trump"
I will be interviewed on the at :00 A.M. Talking about the state of the race for president, and more. Enjoy!
": agreed. You destroyed him with only $250k %"
": Word on street is that mother is voting " So cute!
. is terrific at hosting on - he really gets it!
": We had your brother and Father who were a disaster in office..do us a favor and drop out in favor of "
Remember that Bill Clinton was brought in to help Hillary against Obama in . He was terrible, failed badly, and was called a racist!
": your kids all love you and so does America :] "
": Trump listening to voters, unlike GOP"
": "
": No casualties. Just victory, victory, and more victory as you proclaim the truth that is in your heart. We love God and USA"
": Why do u keep trying to attack Trump? Really dumb strategy! U lose, he wins! make America great again!!!!!"
": ALL OF AMERICA LOVES TRUMP!__ " Thanks!
": FLASHBACK1986: Saved a Georgia Farm " Thank you, nice memories!
Thank you- Nashua, New Hampshire!
Thank you! ://
Thank you to a supporter for this video of my campaign- over the past months. Video:
Strange, but I see wacko Bernie Sanders allies coming over to me because Im lowering taxes, while he will double &amp; triple them, a disaster!
Wages in are country are too low, good jobs are too few, and people have lost faith in our leaders.We need smart and strong leadership now!
Many of the great jobs that the people of our country want are long gone, shipped to other countries. We now are part time, sad! I WILL FIX!
The middle-class has worked so hard, are not getting the kind of jobs that they have long dreamed of - and no effective raise in years. BAD
If Hillary thinks she can unleash her husband, with his terrible record of women abuse, while playing the womens card on me, shes wrong!
": We need a real President to get things done, and thats why we want you!" Thank you.
Hopefully the Republican National Committee can straighten out the total mess that is taking place in Virginias Republican Party. FAST!
Straighten out The Republican Party of Virginia before it is too late. Stupid! RNC
": "
": Ana is an illegal who needs to be deported" No, shes just incompetent
.-who blew his campaign when he gave Hillary a pass on her e-mail crime, said that I feel wages in America are too high. Lie!
": Whats going on in VA? Whats the GOP doing? They will lose the state because of the RNC!
Why are flunkies and , two of the dumbest people in politics, always on the panels..and yet Poll:Trump
The voters the Republican Party of Virginia are excluding will doom any chance of victory. The Dems LOVE IT! Be smart and win for a change!
R.P.Virginia has lost statewide times in a row. Will now not allow desperately needed new voters. Suicidal mistake. RNC MUST ACT NOW!
It begins, Republican Party of Virginia, controlled by the RNC, is working hard to disallow independent, unaffiliated and new voters. BAD!
": You will come out tops Mr Trump. You are sincere, genuine, hard working, honest and willl DO WHAT YOU PROMISE THE PEOPLE
": we need the change Trump is going to make, not the change Obama did by ruining the country"
": He supports amnesty and now they are so desperate that Trey Gowdy is going to campaign with him.
": My prediction on the Trey Gowdy endorsement of Rubio is that it will do nothing for Rubio and finish Gowdy."
": Face it, Trey Gowdy failed miserably on Benghazi. He allowed it to drag out and in the end, let Hillary get away with murder.
": andreajmarkley: Rubio finally gets an endorsement from loser Gowdy via dailyne
I will be interviewed on at :00. Will be talking about Hillary and far more interesting subjects. Enjoy!
I will do far more for women than Hillary, and I will keep our country safe, something which she will not be able to do-no strength/stamina!
Thank you! ://
": why is Hillary even allowed to run... Shes a criminal." Good question!
Hillary said "I really deplore the tone and inflammatory rhetoric of his campaign." I deplore the death and destruction she caused-stupidity
Merry Christmas &amp; Happy Holidays! ://
Hillary, when you complain about "a penchant for sexism," who are you referring to. I have great respect for women. BE CAREFUL!
It is hard to believe I am winning by so much when I am treated so badly by the media. New Poll amazing in ALL categories. pt. Lead
Why does give so much airtime. He (and other Fox pundits) is so biased. Still thinks Romney won. Unfair coverage of Trump
. treats me so badly. Using old Quinnipiac Poll where I have a much smaller lead than the just out Poll. All negative!
The , which is the lobbyist (power) for not imposing taxes on , today did a nasty cartoon attacking kids. Bad
The silent majority- is silent no more! Remember the importance of VOTING!
The Hillary Clinton staged event yesterday was pathetic. Be careful Hillary as you play the war on women or women being degraded card.

Thank you America! Together- we will !
Big news just out - NEW POLL TRUMP and leads in every major category. Likeability way up. CRUZ CARSON RUBIO
We need a PRESIDENT with strength, stamina, heart and incredible deal making skill if our country is ever going to be able to prosper again!
It is a shame that the biased media is able to so incorrectly define a word for the public when they know that the definition is wrong. Sad!
When I said that Hillary Clinton got schlonged by Obama, it meant got beaten badly. The media knows this. Often used word in politics!

Wow, new Reuters Poll just out. Big lead if you want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! TRUMP CRUZ This is at the top of Drudge!
: On further review, Trump is right on this. "I got schlonged" is a commonplace NY way of saying: "I lost big time," w/out _
For those on TV defending my use of the word "schlonged," bc is giving it false meaning-tell them it means beaten badly. Dishonest
NPRs said "schlonged" to WaPo re: Mondale/Ferraro campaign: "That ticket went on to get schlonged at the polls."
Once again, is dishonest. "Schlonged" is not vulgar. When I said Hillary got "schlonged" that meant beaten badly.
Jebs big ad buy against me, paid for by lobbyists, shows my face but doesnt have me answering Jebs statements. He is really pathetic!
Watching and consider to be one of the least talented people on television. Boring and biased!
Women defy media narrative, love Trump at packed Michigan rally.VIDEO:
": The Donald shouldve been named Man of the Year. He dominates the polls, news, talk shows &amp; social media. MAGA!"
": Well Im at % and your at % .You know Jeb you started over here you keep on moving further and further off stage. Classic"
. opening and closing in the debate were said by all to be terrible--fumbled around, incoherent.
Why doesnt , in his ads, show my answer to his statement in the debate?
Will , in his phony advertising campaign, show himself asking me to apologize to his wife in the debate?
. just took millions of $s in special interest money to look like a tough guy. Will never work!
Weak and low energy , whose campaign is a disaster, is now doing ads against me where he tries to look like a tough guy.
": A GREAT PATRIOT"
THANK YOU Grand Rapids, Michigan! Time to end political correctness &amp; secure our homeland!
, thanks for your support- it is very much appreciated!
Getting ready to leave for Michigan - will be an amazing evening! See you there.
Do you think that Hillary Clinton will apologize to me for the lie she told about "the video" of me being used by ISIS. There is no video.
Thanks for all of your kind words and thoughts. Big progress is being made. Keep up the great work!
A suicide bomber has just killed U.S. troops in Afghanistan. When will our leaders get tough and smart. We are being led to slaughter!
": UPDATE: ISIS jihadists stole tens of thousands of blank passports... " Here we go!
Its the Democrats total weakness &amp; incompetence that gave rise to ISIS -- not a tape of Donald Trump that was an admitted Hillary lie!
Phyllis Schlafly: Trump is last hope for America
Getting ready to go to the great State of Michigan. Big crowd tonight. Make America Great Again!
Just out: TRUMP GOP DEBATE - . CLINTON DEMOCRAT DEBATE - . And they were on major network vs. cable!
Hillary said with respect to ISIS, "we are finally where we need to be." Do we want more years of incompetent leadership? MAGA!
I demand an apology from Hillary Clinton for the disgusting story she made up about me for purposes of the debate. There never was a video.
Hillary said at debate ISIS is "going to people showing videos in order to recruit more radical jihadistst." She made up story-want apology!
Very sad what happened last night at the Miss Universe Pageant. I sold it months ago for a record price. This would never have happened!
": Tell this knitwit , the ppl want , not him or his choice for President! Thts why Trump has %"
": DonaldTrump must be overjoyed that as soon as he sells the pageant it goes off the rails. We need you Mr Trump
. today said he didnt want to be the front-runner, he would rather be where he is now, %. That is the talk of a loser, cant win!
Great poll out of Illinois! Thank you!
": Wheres when you need em? "
. final on now. Great people, great new owner . WATCH.
My friend, of , bought the Miss Universe pageants from me and they are on tonight on ! Tune in!
It was really strange when Hillary was missing from the podium last night. Not very presidential!
Hillary Clinton spokesperson admitted that their was no ISIS video of me. Therefore, Hillary LIED at the debate last night. SAD!
. was terrible on Face The Nation today. Being at % and falling seems to have totally affected his confidence. A basket case!
We need a with great strength &amp; stamina. Hillary does not have that.
: Donald Trump &amp; Barbara Walters Ratings Thump Barack Obama On Bear Grylls
": reminds me now of but no one cares Jeb! You lost your chance. "
Hillary Clinton lied when she said that "ISIS is using video of Donald Trump as a recruiting tool." This was fact checked by : FALSE
": Q: Who are you voting for in . A: ! Donald Trump! Donald Trump!. "
": Trump tops Dem candidates on Google before Dem debate "
": Hillary is so worried because she knows you will take her out! "
": is the best Republican presidential candidate of all time." Thank you.
": Trump is looking like the next POTUS, especially after watching the that had no substance."
": You are a blessing to America, Mr. Trump. Thank you for all you are doing! "
. was totally misled, and he fell for it, that Hillary wants to run against me. She knows that I am her worst nightmare-Jon doesnt!
": "
": We now LIVE in a but WILL make the USA STRONGER than EVER b4 "
": NEW POLL: Trumps massive lead grows in post-debate poll "
Another new post-debate poll.THANK YOU!
Thank you for all of your support! Most importantly - we need to get everyone out to VOTE!
: Thank you for the great book. Grandpa is making good use of it!!! htt_
The last thing our country needs is another BUSH! Dumb as a rock!
. has embarrassed himself &amp; his family with his incompetent campaign for President. He should remain true to himself.
://
Weak &amp; ineffective is doing ads where he shows his statement in the debate but not my response. False advertising!
I have an idea for whose campaign is a disaster. Try using your last name &amp; dont be ashamed of it!
. Dont misrepresent in order to make a point. I was always tough on ISIS--as youll find out after I get elected.
. Thanks for defending me so brilliantly against -- Always tough when they falsify.
As I have been saying. Only the beginning: "ISIS Suspects Arrested in Turkey, European Passports Seized."
New Reuters poll - thank you!
is making $400M/year on oil. I have been saying it for years. We need to bomb the oil!
You do not want to miss Most Fascinating People of :30pmE.
There is no question who will handle the threat of terrorism best as .
I will be in Cedar Rapids,IA this Saturday. Get your tickets-

Thank you!
Will be on in minutes on .
. got fired like a dog by . The Blaze is failing and he wanted to have me on his show. I said no - because he is irrelevant.
I will be doing tonight at :00pmE from Mesa, Arizona - will be talking about the &amp; more.
Will be on tonight at :35pmE on .
Clear winner of the . Thank you for your support!
Hillary Clinton is weak and ineffective - no strength, no stamina.
": OMG awesome! What time zone!?"
": yes sir"
": Your the man!!"
": You were amazing !"
": The only person in politics who shouldnt have term limits is President Trump!" Cute!
Jeb Bush had a tough night at the debate. Now hell probably take some of his special interest money, he is their puppet, and buy ads.
Thank you for the nice words . The debate was interesting, and fun. Keep up the great work!
Will be interviewed on the tonight at :00 P.M. Will be talking about the debate, and more!
Bill OReilly calls Trump and campaign brilliant. In first place by points.
. works so hard but just doesnt have a natural instinct for politics. Others do, and those are the people you want to follow!
Thank you for your nice words this morning on . It was a good night!
Thank you, so many people have given me credit for winning the debate last night. All polls agree. It was fun and interesting!
": The fix is in Donald did his best performance and has Jeb scoring higher? Jeb looked in pain" Joke
Thank you, - for saying I was a winner tonight. It is my great honor.
Were not talking about religion; were talking about security. ://
://
Departing for . Lets !
": Many thanks Donald, and all good wishes in helping to clean up the American government. Honored to be your friend. C."
": just called THE PRESIDENT!"
": .: If Donald becomes president, he will do a whole lot more to protect us than Hillary will."
": Donald represents real Americans." Thank you!
": They noticed alright,Graham and Patiki are just mad because they dont have a chance."
": Pataki needs a brain surgeon!"
": Lindsey still doesnt hear Americans! Still at Zero! Its like Monty Python.
": just called you "this PRESIDENT" !!! " But I dont want his endorsement!
": DonaldTrump Good were glad he doesnt represent what you stand for Lindsey. You are weak and have no clue
": Sour grapes graham. Dont blame Trump because you cant interest voters."
": Geez Mr. Trump, they are coming for you even before the REAL debate. asks all negative Trump questions! "
Highly respected PUBLIC POLICY POLLING (PPP) just announced that I am number one in IOWA. Thank you!
New PPP poll just released in Iowa- up points from last poll. Leading w/ %! Dont worry - media wont report it!
., what an honor to read your piece. As one of the truly great intellects &amp; my friend, I wont forget!
://
. was great as a political analyst on . He knows far more than football. Thanks for the nice words Joe!
I won every debate so far according to all debate polls including , and more. Too bad dopey lies!
Between Iraq war monger , dummy , deadpan , highly overrated , among others, not fair!
I am in Trump International Hotel, Las Vegas, getting ready and waiting for the debate tonight. Look forward - hope I get treated fairly!
I wonder if and her flunkies have written their scripts yet about my debate performance tonight. No matter how well I do - bad!
. is very bad at math. She was totally unable to figure out the difference between me and Cruz in the new Monmouth Poll to14.
., the most overrated anchor at , worked hard to explain away the new Monmouth poll to or pt lead. She said !
Why isnt anyone using the Iowa Poll with me having a big lead. They only want to use the one negative poll (2nd place).Dishonest press
Isnt it amazing that paid a fortune for an Iowa Poll, which shows me in first place over Cruz by %, % to % - then doesnt use it
Wow, I just had two very good Iowa polls and a phenomenal just out National Poll from - %. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you for your support! ://
": Donald Trump vs Hillary Clinton would be the greatest presidential battle in history."
": Im in PA near PBurgh. Dad will register to vote first time for Trump. Mom is changing from D to R!"
": oh my word what a crowd.. just breathtaking.
": We here in Vegas Love &amp; Need Trump to LEAD the USA!!!! Hes Americas only hope! "
What an evening in Las Vegas, Nevada! THANK YOU for your continued support.
, horrible defense of me against highly overrated . I will bring more people into the party &amp; easily beat Hillary!
Why doesnt use the Iowa poll?
Thank you . Great work on .
Thank you for your nice words. They are very much appreciated. I fully understand that you really get it.
://
Cant believe Major League Baseball just rejected for the Hall of Fame. Hes paid the price. So ridiculous - let him in!
. - you were fantastic on CNN. Thank you for the nice words. See you at the .
. was great on . Thank you Pat!
Thank you .Very nice! ://
Another great accolade for . Highly respected Golf Odyssey- awarded Blue Monster with best redesign. Thank you!
Record of Health:
: Donald Trump vs Hillary Clinton would be the greatest presidential battle in history.
://
: One more thing. The national press has been wrong about Trump for months now. Arrogant and out of touch.
: Love him or hate him, is looking virtually unstoppable for Republican nomination.More people attack him_
: JUST IN: Donald Trump hits % in new Monmouth national poll, his highest national support of the election cycle yet.
: New national poll from Monmouth -huuge lead: Trump leads the pack at %. Ted Cruz-14%, Marco Rubio-10%, &amp; _
: BREAKING NEWS: surging ahead in GOP race - % in new national poll, % ahead of nearest riva_
EXCLUSIVE: Newt Gingrich: The Country Is in Rebellion, Trump Can Kick Down the Doors
Why doesnt quote the new Iowa Poll where I have a % to % lead over Ted Cruz and all others. Think about it!
": UFC President Dana White Endorses Donald Trump [VIDEO] via " Love this from a real winner!
": Trump did not need acquire wealth &amp; power, owes nothing to anyone. Candidates owe their backers "
People have got to stop working to be so politically correct and focus all of their energy on finding solutions to very complex problems!
": and as far as that low-info voter base goes, I have an IQ of . So much for that theory. "
": Problem is I never watched you until Trump started giving you interviews and ratings on CNN."
": .Youre the real deal. For my money, tedcruz just doesnt cut the mustard. Go Trump! "
": TRUMP NEEDS HIS OWN POLL A REAL POLL, IN EVERY STATE. THESE POLLS ARE SO RIDICULOUS.THE MEDIA WILL ONLY GET WORSE FROM HERE"
": Thats why, after your interview, I couldnt watch the panel discussion, which is usually my favorite segment."
": Not so much fairness as it is about ratings . Megan Kellys hate nightly of Trump is turn-off for FOX"
I was disappointed that Ted Cruz would speak behind my back, get caught, and then deny it. Well, welcome to the wonderful world of politics!
I did interview with Chris Wallace of in order to be fair. He then puts on Rove, Lane and Will, three Trump bashers, to discuss.
": Everyone vote for and no he did not pay me for this endorsement."
": I find myself more and more drawn to CNN for fairness regarding " The Fox News Sunday pundits a joke!
": TRUMP HAS STAMINA, HE IS WORKING HARDER THAN ANY OTHER CANDIDATE. He REALLY loves AMERICA . He deserves to win."
Many think that the Championship Course at Turnberry, home of The Duel In The Sun, will be the worlds best after the renovation.
A very good NBC/Wall Street Journal Poll was just released wherein I went up from last month and am in the lead. Nice!
": ABC News spent minutes on Donald Trump and only seconds on our campaign. Thats because is smart!
. Great job last night - very exciting! You have come a long way from those difficult early days, I am proud of you.
People that have read it tell me that book is terrible (and boring). Save your money! should can him, no credibility!
": CRUZ doesnt do anything about ILLEGALS and "REFUGEES" invading Texas. "
": As a democrat I have to say, since Hillary is the front-runner, I will choose Trump."
": TRUMP IS WINNING BY SO MUCH MORE, ITS NEAR % NATIONALLY. THEY ARE ALL BIASED POLLS!!!!"
": That is why we dont need a politician to be the next president."
": Id pay to watch that - The Donald vs Hillary" Get ready!
": "
": I agree with Trump. Record turnouts . Theres a lot of potential voters that Trump is tapping into.
Chris Wallace at :00 A.M.
://
. at :00 A.M.
. An election between Hillary and myself will be the biggest voter turnout in U.S. history. Just like the debates M vs M.
. Interesting article, but I will beat Hillary easily. People that have given up on the system will come out to vote for me!
": Has your country, Saudi Arabia, taken ANY of the Syrian refugees? If not, why not?"
Something must be done with dopey - he is pushing Republicans down the same old path of defeat. Dont fall for it, Karl is a loser
": Son Don Jr. on Fox says Sr. more concerned about the safety of Americans than offending people"
": love you Trump! Please "
": Ill be watching _"
": DVR SET!"
I will be interviewed on at :00 A.M. and Fox News Sunday with Chris Wallace at 0 A.M. CNN Iowa Poll point lead!
I will be on CNNs - State of the Union tomorrow morning at amE.
New CNN Iowa poll --- Trump , Cruz . Everyone else way down! Dont trust Des Moines Register poll- biased towards Trump!
Thank you General.
A great afternoon. Thank you South Carolina!
Reports say now has a passport machine to have its believers infiltrate our country. I told you so.
John Podesta says nominee will be Cruz b/c last person Hillary wants to face is Trump! Use your head folks! -41!
Getting the support of of UFC means a lot. A total winner, who has done an amazing job. Just ordered his fight to watch tonight!
., so many people have tweeted about your amazing words to me, thank you! Heading to big crowd in South Carolina!
Thank you! ://
I will be interviewed on at :00 A.M. So much to talk about!
. did a fantastic interview with syndicated columnist Michelle Malkin. Congrats to both!
": Trump: "Protect the nd amendment...And by the way were going to be saying Merry Christmas again." Iowa crowd LOVES it."
": Iowas RNC committeewoman Tamara Scott praises Trump and asks why the RNC would not be thrilled with his candidacy.
": Trump says he was establishment. "I backed McCain he lost. I backed Romney he lost. This time Im doing it myself.
": Good Lord ... Donald.. Your following went up so much lately ... Crazy love for you and what you stand for!
": Donald Trump unleashes verbal assault on "nice guy" Ted Cruz: "
": I will follow all the way to "
Just got back from Iowa, great people!
I had a great time in Des Moines, Iowa tonight! Thank you for all of the support.
. you were great with on tonight. Thank you for your kind words. We will keep Americans safe.
Dopey Prince wants to control our U.S. politicians with daddys money. Cant do it when I get elected.
Thank you &amp; !
: .: We should put a pause until we know who the hell is coming into this country. This is getting real scary.
Thank you! We are at % in new Reuters poll with coming in at %. Time to !
I will not let you down! ://
Tom Ridge is a failed Bushy &amp; PA Governor. Him &amp; his friend shouldnt be allowed to do their bias commentary- nobody listens!
Tom Ridge should be focused on trying to bring the party together rather than ripping it apart w/ your faulty thought process. I will win!
: The Establishments only hope: Trump &amp; me in a cage match.Sorry to disappoint -- is terrific.
Never get good from failing Des Moines Register/Bloomberg. I think somethings going on w/them. Up in IA according to respected CNN.
Great news in Georgia! The just out Landmark poll shows me in first with %! Wow.
Our spectacular ballroom under construction at the great Turnberry resort in Scotland.
. is a nice guy , but just hopeless. He knows so little about politics and, in particular, winning! I fixed his rating problem.
. just went off the rails. I will beat Hillary easily - she does not want to run against me. I am tuning them out, waste of time
. should not make statements behind closed doors to his bosses, he should bring them out into the open - more fun that way!
Looks like is getting ready to attack. I am leading by so much he must. I hope so, he will fall like all others. Will be easy!
. is so off on Iowa, which I am leading big in new poll. I will win Iowa. Also, I beat Hillary easily!
Great evening last night in New Hampshire. Got the endorsement from the New England Police Union - big territory, great people! Thank you.
. was not good tonight on . He just doesnt know about winning! But he is a nice guy.
": . Explains Why Has Plenty of Staying Power
": : Time for the Republican establishment to accept the fact that Trump is not only a viable candidate, but lead is real
": I hope that you will be the next POTUS."
Respected Morning Consult poll just out. I lead all Republicans and beat Hillary head to head by a wide margin- to !
In Britain, more Muslims join ISIS than join the British army.
Thank you to . I have always appreciated your courage, but now more so than ever!
An honor to be endorsed by the New England Police Benevolent Association. Thank you!
"Why Franklin Graham says Donald Trump is right about stopping Muslim immigration"
Establishment flunky is going crazy with the just released CBS poll that has me way ahead. New Fox poll has me beating Hillary.
Dummy continues to make and write false statements. He still thinks Romney won--he should get a life!
Thank you for your support! Being will NOT !
I am signing copies of my book CRIPPLED AMERICA. Order yours now--makes a great holiday gift! _ _
The politicians of the U.K. should watch Katie Hopkins of Daily on . Many people in the U.K. agree with me!
Thank you to respected columnist Katie Hopkins of Daily for her powerful writing on the U.K.s Muslim problems.
The United Kingdom is trying hard to disguise their massive Muslim problem. Everybody is wise to what is happening, very sad! Be honest.
I have decided to postpone my trip to Israel and to schedule my meeting with at a later date after I become President of the U.S.
Our VISA system is broken, like so much else in our country. We better get it fixed really fast. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I will be interviewed on this morning at :30. So much to talk about!
Wow, my poll numbers have just been announced and have gone through the roof!
. spent a big part of her show talking about other shows spending so much time on me. Really weird, shes being driven crazy!
": great interview! Speaking calmly but carrying a heavy stick!" Thank you!
Weak and totally conflicted people like shouldnt be allowed on television unless given an I.Q. test. Dumb as a rock!
": . The people do not care what politician said about Trump . We still support him all the way"
Great interview tonight - very professionally done.
": Youre a funny guy! Vote: "
": Megyn clearly was out to make a bigger name for herself and struck first blow. "
": this is the best interview so far. Honest, well reasoned and without all the name calling.
": Mr Trump did you deny Megyn Kelly. What is her issue! I used to like her. Cant stand her now. Very little talent!
Thank you for your wonderful editorial as to why I should have been Magazines Person of the Year. You should run Time!
Great leaders listen to and support law enforcement officials. Police discuss no-go areas:
Why does bore their audience with people like , a totally biased loser who doesnt have a clue. I hear she will soon be gone!
., who cant believe that her candidate has bombed so badly, is one of the dumber pundits on T.V. Hard to watch, zero talent!
. on at :00 P.M.
Thank you for all of your support, South Carolina!
I am interviewed on the tonight at :00. Then at :00, I am interviewed by on . Enjoy!
"Carter Banned Iranians From Coming To U.S. During Hostage Crisis"
" Haim Saban: Hillary Clintons Top Hollywood Donor Demands Racial Profiling of Muslims"
The police in London say Im right. Major article in Daily Mail. We cant wear uniform in our own cars.
Thank you - you finally get it!
Thank you, Piers, they dont know what theyre getting into.
. of Philadelphia, who is doing a terrible job, should be ashamed for using such a disgusting word in referring to me.Low life!
I am signing copies of my book CRIPPLED AMERICA. Makes a great holiday gift. Order yours now! _ _
"Rupert Murdoch Defends Trump: Complete Refugee Pause Makes Sense "
I told you Magazine would never pick me as person of the year despite being the big favorite They picked person who is ruining Germany
": did you hear the mayor nutter of philadelphias comments towards you? Ignorance" Yes, he is a crude dope!
": " Wow!
": People forget the policies of leaders like allowed /11 killers to immigrate, drive, &amp; pilot planes"
Hillary Clinton does not have the STRENGTH or STAMINA to be President. We need strong and super smart for our next leader - or trouble!
The last person corrupt Hillary Clinton wants to run against is Donald J. Trump. Ill end up beating her in every state. New Fox Poll-Trump!
The failing does not mention the new Poll that has me leading Iowa by a massive points - I am at %. Maggie Haberman, sad!
": Mr. Trump, you need to get some rest. We need you to stay healthy so that you can be our President!"
": anyone who hates on Trump hates on America. We are a proud nation lacking a leader. Choose Trump to bring us"
Great poll numbers just coming out of New Hampshire. BIG lead for "Trump" according to !
Wow, what a day. So many foolish people that refuse to acknowledge the tremendous danger and uncertainty of certain people coming into U.S.
Our country is facing a major threat from radical Islamic terrorism. We better get very smart, and very tough, FAST, before it is too late!
Despite my great respect for King Abdullah II, I will not be visiting Jordan at this time. This is in response to the false report.
Prior to the end of the year, I will be traveling to Israel. I am very much looking forward to it.
Great new poll from NH. Thank you! We need to keep this country safe!
Will be on News tonight at :30. Interviewed by the legendary ! Enjoy
: Has Trump gone too far? Regardless, public is obsessed on radical Muslim dangers, Complete refugee pause to fix vett_
The legendary will be asking me questions about the Presidential campaign on at :30 PM.
A very big poll is coming out at PM in New Hampshire. Will be very interested in the results.
A new poll indicates that % of my supporters would vote for me if I departed the GOP &amp; ran as an independent.
I am signing copies of my book CRIPPLED AMERICA. Order yours now--makes a great holiday gift! _
I wish the Wall Street Journal had reported the just out Iowa Poll correctly. I lead by a wide margin,13 points, going up big!
Just won IOWA Poll BIG: Trump % Cruz % Rubio %, but reported "Cruz momentum" but nothing about the fact that I easily won!
Thank you for the support, South Carolina!
": I hope you become president!
": RT : New Iowa poll finds . in the lead by double digits.
": is so great towards you. Just doesnt like people on his show to bad mouth you. He is great ."
": DonaldTrump preach it brother! First election Ive been excited about in many many years. Since Reagan to be exact"
": Amen! Looking forward to a happy new year. Its been too long! "
": Today, "New Iowa poll finds Trump in the lead by double digits" "
": Hey Hillary, America will feel much safer once youve failed to get into office."
": Cant wait for President Trump to put things in order in US. We desperately need patriot with,finally,brains
Great video of tonights crowd reacting to my latest proposal in SC.
Just released Poll gives me a big point lead in Iowa. Change your false story failing . Thank you Iowa!
The main stream media wants to surrender constitutional rights -- I believe needs to surrender!
: Here is the truth whether you like it or not: is only candidate to have the bravery to put out that state_
: Expect the statement on USA Muslim ban to give him a boost with evangelicals.
On my way to Charleston/Mount Pleasant, South Carolina. Big crowd. Look forward to it!
Statement on Preventing Muslim Immigration:
Just put out a very important policy statement on the extraordinary influx of hatred &amp; danger coming into our country. We must be vigilant!
Thank you Iowa!
I am especially grateful for the tremendous support I have received from the Evangelicals in the just out Iowa CNN poll. Thank you!
I am greatly honored by the results of the CNN poll in Iowa. In the end, I believe the final results will be even better than that!
. is going out of its way to tell failing candidates how to beat Donald Trump.The Post doesnt get that Im good at winning!
" Trump will only increase his lead after the terror attacks. America believes Trump will get rid of ISIS!"
Today we honor the fallen at , years ago today. If you see a vet today, thank them!
Poor doesnt have what it takes-
"Credible Source on -11 Muslim Celebrations: FBI"
I am signing copies of my book CRIPPLED AMERICA. Order yours now--makes a great holiday gift!
If ever had to pay fair taxes, its stock would crash and it would crumble like a paper bag. The scam is saving it!
The loses money (a deduction) and gives owner power to screw public on low taxation of ! Big tax shelter
The , which loses a fortune, is owned by for purposes of keeping taxes down at his no profit company, .
N.Y.C. has the worst Mayor in the United States. I hate watching what is happening with the dirty streets, the homeless and crime! Disgrace
I spoke with other candidates to a Jewish group, many friends, in D.C. I said "Im a negotiator like you" Got standing O-rated best of day!
Obama said in his speech that Muslims are our sports heroes. What sport is he talking about, and who? Is Obama profiling?
Thank you Graham Ledger of the Daily Ledger for your really fair coverage and your great interview with Peter Roff of U.S. NEWS &amp; W.R.
": ONLY WILL Conquer ISIS &amp; WILL ! = !! VOTE "
": He will never say it, therefore he will never have a solution!"
Well, Obama refused to say (he just cant say it), that we are at WAR with RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISTS.
Should have gone after the oil years ago (like I have been saying).
Wish Obama would say ISIS, like almost everyone else, rather than ISIL.
Is that all there is? We need a new President - FAST!
": He needs to stop all Visas not look at them!"
": he is reading off the TelePrompTer." But that is O.K. in this case.
": THIS IS WHO WE R REGISTER AS REP ONLINE VOTE TRUMP IN PRIMARY : "
": air strikes? Whos air strikes??"
": MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, DT! _"
Hope he wont spend too much time ripping apart the nd. Amendment!
The podium in the Oval Office looks odd! Not good, but the words will be the key.
Hillary wont call out radical Islam! She will be soundly defeated.
I will be re-tweeting some of your better, most imaginative and hopefully insightful tweets. Make them good (great)! Important stuff.
BIG NIGHT ON TWITTER TONIGHT. I WILL BE LIVE TWEETING PRESIDENT OBAMAS SPEECH AT :50 P.M. ( EASTERN). MUST TALK RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM!
Gee, with was getting terrible ratings then, with me, he set records - I saved his job, but Chuck still not nice!
May the Festival of Lights bring our Jewish friends from around the world, health &amp; happiness! Happy Hanukkah!
I have been saying it for sometime now!
Order my book CRIPPLED AMERICA for your holiday gifts. I will be signing books for the next two weeks!
": Americas most reliable bellwether county has fallen for " Great story, thanks!
Thank you America! Together, we will all !
Wow, said some very nice things about me today on with Chris Wallace. I am making progress, thanks George!
I will be live-tweeting President Obamas prime-time speech tonight starting at :50 P.M. (Eastern).Will he finally state the real problems?
": only President Donald J Trump can "
": in bed together &amp; hate Trump. Win it for the USA &amp; the st Cent
": We will elect for President! We must!__ "
": Awesome interview. You are always honest with the American people Thank you Mr. Trump!! "
. Thank you so much for your nice words. I will make you look very smart!
" Trump is not controlled by donors,special interests,Lobbyists like U.Ur a total puppet.Trump is working U.S.
So, how did I do on Face The Nation?
Watch Face The Nation - will be on now!
Hillary just said that she will not use the term "radical Islamic" - but was incapable of saying why. She is afraid of Obama &amp; the e-mails!
": AMERICA WANTS " Politicians are so dishonest!
": Poll numbers will go up even more for after Obamas address
": Kasick message is as muddled and stagnant as his political career. Lied about Trump crowd." Media-he LIED!
I will be interviewed on Face The Nation at :30 A.M. Should be interesting - ENJOY!
Was going to do a phoner this morning with on but they could not get their phone equipment to hook in. Will do next week.
Wonder if Obama will ever say RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORIST?
. &amp; should be fired for dishonest reporting. Thank you for reporting the truth.
": just tweeted that you are a third rate reporter." Thats only because Im being nice!
, you copied incompetent incorrect story. Im sure you would like to apologize to me on show. Thank you for the courtesy.
., rd rate reporter &amp; CBS lied. Finished in normal manner&ampigned autos for min. Dishonest!
A great day in both Spencer &amp; Davenport, Iowa! THANK YOU for the support!
Re CRIPPLED AMERICA -- I am signing books for the next two weeks. Order yours for holiday gifts!
Done by a real fan! ://
Raleigh, North Carolina, was fantastic last night. Such incredible spirit. We all want to, and will, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
": you were awesome at the rally. It was exciting to see you." Two truly fantastic women!
": you were awesome at the rally. It was exciting to see you."
": Thanks for coming to Raleigh Mr. Trump. I enjoyed every minute of your epic speech!" Thanks
": Yes! We love you Donald!! We are behind you all the way to Whitehouse!!"
": Donald Trump opens up massive lead in national poll "
": WILL TURN PA from Clinton Blue to TRUMP RED! Team WONT STOP
": keep up your good work Mr trump cause u have my vote"
": we are with you Mr Trump. We back you percent."
": . , ! "
": Trump understands freedom needs defending with full heart and diligence. He will fight for America!
A great night in Raleigh, North Carolina! THANK YOU!
Great Live Signing last nite! Over k views. I am signing books for next two weeks. Order yours for holiday gifts.
Good news, disloyal stock is in a total free fall. Dont shop there for Christmas!
Congratulations, Chuck. Must be wonderful to have Donald Trump as your guest --- ! ://
A total refutation of the disgraceful David Brooks column in the failing by the :

. one of the dumber bloggers only writes purposely inaccurate pieces on me. She is in love with Marco Rubio?
The horrible shooting that took place in San Bernardino was an absolute act of terror that many people knew about. Why didnt they report?
. Martha, great interview with my son -- smart, tough &amp; professional. Thank you!
Great Live Signing last nite! Over k views. I am signing books for next two weeks. Order yours for holiday gifts:
The virtually incompetent Republican Strategist who has had a failed career, Cheri Jacobus, is incoherent with anger that her puppets died!
. &amp; Please thank Alisyn Camerota, David Chalian and John King for the very professional reporting of the new CNN Poll.
. Poll just came out, amazing numbers for those who want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! TRUMP %, a point lead over nd place. Thanks.
": The GOP establishment: Republican voters think Donald Trump would be most electable nominee. "
": Another clip that seems to vindicate The Donald... "
. I totaly won the RJC meeting yesterday. Know many members who said "not even close." Only FULL standing O. But dont want $s
": As a professional handicapper is a /5 favorite for presidency. "
": Your hand must be tired from all the Crippled America books you autographed tonight-one is mine." Great!
": Show em how its done in Raleigh tomorrow, President Trump! " I will!
": Great job on OReilly Stay who you are, its refreshing. "
": We cant take years of Hilary or years of establishment GOP!!! We need Trump!!"
": America needs a real leader, America needs Donald Trump for President!"
Watch my live book signing now!
I invite you to join my campaign to Make America Great Again! Sign up to Volunteer!
Purchase your copy of CRIPPLED AMERICA now &amp; be on potential call list for my live streaming signing event tonite.
Thank you!! ://
Thank you, New Hampshire! Great people -- see you next week!
Via :
Great to see the construction of the Old Post Office on Penn Ave. Going fast - under budget, ahead of schedule!
It was recently reported that rd rate $ losing is a foil for the Clintons. Questions given to Clinton in advance. No credibility.
Thank you so much for the wonderful article, Robert Davi.
Thank you! Vote in !
Thank you!
CRIPPLED AMERICA is the perfect gift for friends &amp; family. Order signed copy &amp; join me at :30pm, live streaming!
Why cant get better reporters than Ben Schreckenger? Guy is a major lightweight with no credibility. So dishonest!
Loved being in Manassas, VA last night. Such incredible spirit! Now in DC for a speech, will then visit Old Post Office under construction.
CRIPPLED AMERICA is perfect gift for friends &amp; family. Order signed copy &amp; join me tonite live streaming :30
": Your the man Don. You make me smile every day. Look forward to your inauguration." Nice!
": The more frightening the world is , the more safe we feel with President Trump"
": Will be interesting to see how many times Jersey rooftop will be brought up now that video has miraculously been found..."
": You can definitely thank God for you health, stamina, strength, and all the good things in your life!" True!
As a presidential candidate, I have instructed my long-time doctor to issue, within two weeks, a full medical report-it will show perfection
": Trump: Mideast peace something Id really like to do | AP Photo "
": The retired neurosurgeon plummets points from last month, while Trump solidifies his dominating lead "
I consider my health, stamina and strength one of my greatest assets.The world has watched me for many years and can so testify-great genes!
": President Donald J. Trump sounds real nice. Looks and sounds and is a great leader ! Go ." Thanks!
": "He keeps rising and shining...Trump !" Thank you!
": CBS reports "swarms" of celebrators were on roofs in Jersey on /11/2001__ VIDEO: "
": APOLOGIZE HYPOCRITE Jersey City /11 Celebration Report _"
Congratulations on the GREAT job done by POLICE and law enforcement on the California shootings. Give credit where credit is due.
": his poll numbers jump every time instances like this occur.
": start backing real change is coming !"
": if only we had a leader like this. We will soon. DonaldTrump will look out for the interests of Americans.
Heading to Manassas, Virginia, for a rally. Will have a moment of silence for the victims of the California shootings. So sad!
. Police and law enforcement seem to have killed one of the California shooters and are in a shootout with the others. Go police
": Chris Christie needs to along with everyone else who doubted u. "
": Legal &amp; illegal immigration drive down American wages. Only DonaldTrump can fix this. "
": WILL WIN! Hes counting on ALL supporters TO VOTE Then "WE" CELEBRATE WITH TAILGATE STYLE PARTIES!
": This country is being frayed by the inept politicians in DC. We need to vote smarter and be more informed. "
": Bruce LeVell, former GOP Chairman of Gwinnett County (GA) endorsed today.
": Amen, Mr. Trump! The liberal media morons do indeed owe you an apology! Bravo,sir! Your friend and supporter .
": Mr. Trump, the Establishment both sides are out to stop your presidency, and the American people!" True!
": I likewise saw militant Muslims burning our flag and burning George Bush photos and figures, right after /11! Not!"
": yet, ChrisChristie claims absolutely did not happen in . !"
A signed copy of CRIPPLED AMERICA is the ultimate gift. Order now &amp; join my live streaming book signing on /3
California shooting looks very bad. Good luck to law enforcement and God bless. This is when our police are so appreciated!
Thank you CBS &amp; Breitbart-total vindication! Will the mainstream media apologize? Many, many witnesses.
I beat Hillary in the new Poll head to head. SHE HAS NO STRENGTH OR STAMINA, both of which are needed to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
LIVE on : Live with the Donald
Join me at :00pmEST today - live from Trump Tower - via Facebook &amp; Periscope!
Illegal immigrant children, non-Mexicans surge across border at record rate
Order signed copy of CRIPPLED AMERICA &amp; submit a question for my live streaming book signing on /3 at :30 pm.
I WILL BE ON AT :30 -NOW!
The truth continues to come out after years. A truth that many in the media did not want to tell. ://
": Stupid "opinion"! is Winning! why will he leave? dummy! "
": Any GOP candidate will lose except for " I agree!
": Conservatives, Dems, independents alike all want trump. There is no one else. "
": I will NOT vote for Cruz or . My vote is pledged to &amp;my grandchildren. Pray for the USA.
": ***Howard Stern Caller day after /11 _ _"
": I live in NJ &amp; youve got that right! NJ wants ChrisChristie OUT of NJ! "
": I just signed up in support of your campaign on your website ."
": Have a great rally !!!"
": YES HE IS &amp; SHOULD APOLOGIZE All people trying take Trump down, not a chance"
Just arrived in New Hampshire. Another packed venue! Will be fun.
You would think a paper like the Washington Post would be fair and objective. For the record, almost all polls showed I won all debates.
Highly untalented Wash Post blogger, Jennifer Rubin, a real dummy, never writes fairly about me. Why does Wash Post have low IQ people?
Order a signed copy of CRIPPLED AMERICA &amp; submit a question for my live streaming book signing on /3 at :30 pm
What is Obama thinking?
Curtis Sliwa - doing tv commentary on /13/2001. Good job Curtis. Please send your apologies to .
Look at the editorial I was just sent from the NY Post on /14/01 - days after collapse of WTC. Any apologies?
Jamiel Shaw was incredible on this morning. His son, who was viciously killed by an illegal immigrant, is so proud of pop!
I want to thank all my friends in Macon for the special evening and great reception. What a crowd of incredible people!
A signed copy of CRIPPLED AMERICA makes a great gift. Order &amp; join my live streaming book signing event on /3
A great night in Macon, Georgia! Thank you for all of the support. Together, we will !
Order signed copy of CRIPPLED AMERICA &amp; have opportunity to submit question for my live streaming book signing /3
Meeting with African American Pastors at Trump Tower was amazing. Wonderful news conference followed. Now off to Georgia for big speech!
We need a great leader- now!
We better be vigilant, careful, and strong.
: Wow! Trashy gutter mouth woman. You cant hold a candle2 when it comes2 beauty and eloquenc_
The Republican establishment, out of self preservation, is concerned w/ my high poll . More concerned are DemsI beat Hillary heads up!
How is Chris Christie running the state of NJ, which is deeply troubled, when he is spending all of his time in NH? New Jerseyans not happy!
Wow, the MSM is really going after me. in Sarasota, a love fest, hardly a mention. Only one negativity - they only want negatives!
": THERE WERE NO VIDEO CELL PHONES!IS AreUall looking4bonus?Near StJoes Hosp Paterson NJ Arab area outside celeb
": Mr. Trump, Chuck Todd is a moron, all kinds of youtube videos showing muslims celebrating . I would show it on your ads."
": we also saw numerous (since scrubbed) videos of celebrations on /11"
When will get some real political talent rather than political commentators like Errol Louis, who doesnt have a clue! Others bad also.
": We could use a new era of greatness! America needs to return to its place in the world--leading!"
": John Kasich-it didnt work Im still voting for " John has done so poorly in the debates hes done!
": Maria, why do you work with such dummies as Cokie Roberts, , ? You can do much better! .
": TRUMP will make America SAFE again...He will make America LEGAL again...He will make America GREAT again! USA"
": They should all get on the Trump train!" So true!
": Trump for president! "
": Every time Trump is gracious enough to do a MSM interview he gets ambushed with nonsensical questions, why is that."
": TRUMP IS THE SMARTEST AND BEST MAN TO SAVE AMERICA. " Thank you!
": is Up! Up! Up! No other candidate is even close!! "
Great job on . You made kooky Cokie Roberts and look even dumber than they are. You will be right!
": Chuck doesnt know that x = "
After my meeting with the pastors, its off to Georgia for a big rally - many thousands of great people will be there, a beautiful movement!
Will be meeting on Monday at Trump Tower with a large group of African American Pastors. Many I know-wonderful people! Not a press event.
Just watched Cookie Roberts on . Her predictions have been so wrong for so long that she has lost all credibility. Just another sad case
": Trump is our last hope to make America great again. " So true!
": I cant wait to vote for "
": How High Corporate Taxes Lost America The Worlds Next Biggest Drug Company
": story is bogus. Donald Trump has the most diverse group of voters/supporters in the GOP field."
. has to do better reporting if it wants to keep up with the crowd.So totally one-sided and biased against me that it is becoming boring
": Another hit piece by CNN. "What? Were not biased!""
I will be on in an interview with on Sunday morning. So much to talk about!
": Your story is a total fraud" I agree!
": I cant believe how low CNN can go. Obviously a bunch of Killary fans." only says negative-bad reporters
The Sarasota, Florida, rally today was amazing. people chanting their love for our country. Its going to happen, this is a MOVEMENT!
. Kayleigh McEnany was great on you network today. You should have her on more often! Thank you Kayleigh for your nice words.
": so great in Sarasota, FL! Were following T all the way!"
": JohnKasich All you career Politicians are shaking in your shoes for fear Trump gets elected"
": NOWS THE TIME CHRISTIANS TO GET OUT THE VOTE BIG TIME TO SAVE CHRISTIANITY ONCE &amp; ALL. TRUMP"
Sarasota was an unbelievable success. We expected , a record, but showed up! Great love in the air!
We boarded the helicopter for Sarasota earlier &amp; will be landing soon! See you there.
": America backs you. Your our next President!!!!" Thank you!
Virtually no-one has spent more money in helping the American people with disabilities than me. Will discuss today at my speech in Sarasota
The reporter who pulled-back from his year old never retracted story is having fun. I dont know what he looks like and dont know him!
I will be going to Sarasota, Florida, today for a big rally with amazing people! I have one goal on mind: MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
": Live Stream: Donald Trump Rally in Sarasota, FL Nov - :00 PM (EST)
": Thats why THE MAN. CANNOT BE BOUGHT BY .
Pollster TrendNational GOP Average223 national polls &amp; pollsters.
": Incompetence now the norm. NYTimes is an example. Need competent leader as role model. Trump2016"
": Dont let the jackals in the media trip u up. Their getting desperate"
": So like the media to make something out of nothing. Dont let them sidetrack from the message."
": should the reporters dishonesty be shielded from ridicule?"
": Donald Trump Rises to % Nationally; Ted Cruz Edges into nd at %
": Great twitter quote about Donald Trump: "Never apologize for fake controversies whipped up by the perpetually offended media
": If you combine the business models for both Macys &amp; the NY Times, both are on a rapid decline, such a pity."
": no need to explain, Sir. Weve got your back." Thanks!
": Shopping is NO LONGER a family CHRISTMAS TIME tradition in my house." Great, a very disloyal chain!
The failing should focus on fair and balanced reporting rather than constant hit jobs on me. Yesterday boring articles, today2!
I do not know the reporter for the , or what he looks like. I was showing a person groveling to take back a statement made long ago!
Great new poll numbers! Thank you for your support!
": . gets it. Never apologize for fake controversies whipped up by the perpetually offended media."

Happy Thanksgiving to all. Have a great day and look forward to the future. We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The numbers at the are so dismal, especially advertising revenue, that big help will be needed fast. A once great institution-SAD!
So, since the people at the have made all bad decisions over the last decade, why do people care what they write. Incompetent!
The dopes at the bought the Boston Globe for $1.3 billion and sold it for $1.00. Their great old headquarters-gave it away! So dumb
The is so poorly run and managed that other family members are looking to take over control. With unfunded liabilities-big trouble!
": I lived in New Jersey at that time and witnessed all that as well.
The failing should be focused on good reporting and the papers financial survival and not with constant hits on Donald Trump!
": So good to see the family out with him on the campaign trail! It really shows the family man that he is!"
Credible Source on -11 Muslim Celebrations: FBI via

I LIVE IN NEW JERSEY &amp; IS RIGHT: MUSLIMS DID CELEBRATE ON /11 HERE! WE SAW IT!
": The Establishment is afraid of . Once we try a business man we may never want a politician again!
Thank you for your continued support!
just totally bombed on . has him on even though he has lost all credibility - a loser! Fox should dump Rove.
": did not say very nice things about you this morning on her show. Typical liberal!" True!
": Bombed is an understatement. Pathetic attempt by . Rove embarrassed himself"
": America wants DONALD TRUMP! "TV Heads" still refuse to embrace that reality! Media are LIARS."
": DonaldTrump Never thought much of Carl.. Make America Great Again Trump for President "
": Karl is a total joke!!!! If he didnt have the Bush family and Fox he wouldnt have anything! !
South Carolina was so great last night. Will be back soon!
Why would use as an election analyst when he has made so many mistakes. He still thinks Romney won. An establishment dope!
": Love it. Wish I could get I hear good things about them such as objective unbiased reporting.
": Fantastic winning all the way to WH "
": . no one is even close to "
Myrtle Beach, South Carolina
A wonderful evening in South Carolina - big crowd, amazing energy!
": had a great time in Myrtle Beach tonight."
New national poll released. Thank you America!
Thank you for your nice words for the nice words on with Chris Wallace.
What is Frank VanderSloot getting for agreeing to back Marco Rubio? Last victim was Mitt Romney - see how that turned out.
. came up to see me. A really nice and talented guy.
": Leave our candidate alone! Do not embarrass yourselves further.
": Keep up the good work! Americans of ALL kinds are rallying behind jlDonaldTrump to help
": Ill only vote for TRUMP! If eGOP screw things up I wont vote for ANY republicans; ANY
": If you run anyone but Trump, Hillary wins. So Rubio, Christie, Jeb! &amp; Kasich must hate the country. "
Will be doing at PM on . As always with Sean, will be interesting!
Heading to Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. Really big crowdso much to talk about!
Republicans must stop relying on losers like if they want to start winning presidential elections. Be tough and get smart!
": . I enjoyed the speech so much tonight, you were on point _ Sir!" Thanks.
": it was awesome! . Great crowd! Wonderful"
": You know he has great vision. The very best. Many people have told him so. Thousands of people!"
": theyre finally gettin the message, were fed up &amp; were not going establishment.
": We have a voice with DonaldTrump, Lets do our part &amp; VOTE IN THE R PRIMARY "
": ... You ROCKED IT AGAIN IN OHIO!!!! Come to Nebraska.. Please!! Trump !!" Thanks and I will!
Just left Columbus rally of people --- a far bigger crowd than even I expected! Unbelievable evening, incredible spirit in the arena!
": : Ben Carson advisers say he struggles with foreign policy "
": Everything Mr. Trump touches turns to gold, what a great negotiator! !!!!!" Thanks.
Heading for Ohio - really big crowd of amazing people! Much to talk about!
Going to Ohio, home of one of the worst presidential candidates in history--Kasich. Cant debate, loves --dummy!
. reports that getting ready to treat me unfairlybig spending planned against me. That wasnt the deal!
Via /18/01. I want an apology! Many people have tweeted that I am right!
When you do your Christmas shopping remember how disloyal was to the subject of illegal immigration.
Hillary, there is nothing to laugh about-
Going to Columbus, Ohio today for a tremendous rally of thousands. The silent majority is no longer silent!
. has one of the worst reporters in the business -- wouldnt know the truth if it hit him in the face.
. continues to do extremely dishonest reporting. Always looking for a hit to bring them back into relevancyaint working!
. thank you for the nice comments recently, especially on . My family &amp; I greatly appreciate your kind words.
Hillary Clinton is weak on illegal immigration, among many other things. She is strong on corruption - corruption is what shes best at!
": is an excellent resource for the race "
": Trump gave a great speech in Ala. Whats more important a protester? I wouldnt give these folks sec of attn"
": THE SCRIPT FOR A GREAT WORLD CHANGING LEADER TO ARISE HAS BEEN WRITTEN &amp; IT WAS FOR MR. TRUMP
": The reporter is the one who mentioned the national database FIRST and not DonaldTrump. Y not report HONEST NEWS?"
": We need Trump now! Obama isnt protecting Americans !!"
": The Paris attacks have only made Donald Trump stronger " Very interesting!
": Trump is the epitome of integrity, good spirit, forthright honesty... you pull no punches and call a spade a spade. diggin it!"
": A Clinton Cannot be trusted!How many xs do we allow them to disgrace this country? "
": "
": By going after you, Jindal also lost the LA governor race! Politicians Beware.
Great poll numbers! Thank you!
We better get tough with RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISTS, and get tough now, or the life and safety of our wonderful country will be in jeopardy!
Syrian refugees were caught trying to get into the U.S. through the Southern Border. How many made it? WE NEED THE WALL!
Great poll numbers all over and beating Hillary Clinton one on one. Thank you!
Big new Poll to be announced at :00 A.M. on This Week with . I will be interviewed on show!
. just announced that I am leading BIG in the new Poll which will be shown on This Week at :00 A.M. I will be on show
Will be interviewed on at :00 A.M.
I find that is a far more professional operation than .
.ccolvinj is one of the truly bad reporters---working for an organization that has totally lost its way. Stories are fictional garbage.
": URGENT an effort to destroy their own front runner. " I HIT BACK!
": Kimberly G. hosted Greta last nights&amp; told the TRUTH about Trump! "
": What Financial Pros Can Learn from Donald Trumps Communication Style " Very nice, thanks!
": Donald Trump retakes lead in GOP race; Ted Cruz makes gains: poll: via AOL"
": Great family. Great interview ! "
": Well said "
": "Its clear that Donald Trump was NOT even talking about a Muslim Database!" "
": Do successful CEOs sleep less than everyone else? "
": Report: Heckler Convicted Of Attempting To Blow Up Marine Recruitment Center "
": Palin on : "I think it would come down to Cruz and Trump! | Getty "
": Ill talk to Donald Trump about his comments on Syrian refugees, and much more, Sunday on ."
": Trumps Wife, Children Open Up About GOP Candidate: "Theres No One Else Like Him" "
., great job - we are all proud of you!
Thank you to all law enforcement agencies for a fabulous job!
Thank you for a great afternoon Birmingham, Alabama!
Its too bad so few people showed up to Family Leader dinner. Next year Ill try &amp; be there- and theyll have a huge crowd!
Thank you John Nolte forwonderful analysis &amp; reporting.
: Missed Barbara Walters exclusive Meet the Trumps? catch it here - https:/_
Rumor has it - Pataki, Kasich, &amp; Senator Lindsey Graham are dropping out of the race very soon. Hope its not true, theyre so easy to beat!
: . extends lead in /20/2015 Reuters poll.
So nice when media properly polices media. Thank you .
A woman who got fired after two days of working with Scott Walker - a wacko - now trying to raise funds to fight me.
Heading to Birmingham, Alabama, and a massive crowd of incredible people! noon - will be wild.
To show you how politicians act, Bobby Jindal spent $1,000 to register in New Hampshire &amp; dropped out the next day. Such a waste!
Were stuck with the worst mayor in the United States. Too bad, but New York City will survive!
People are really liking my new book, "Crippled America." Check it out!
": Make America Great again vote Donald Trump"
": anchors shocked that DonaldTrumps comments resonate with GOP base will go apoplectic that he does with democrats too.
": saw the interview tonight. Thought it was great. Cant wait till November."
": cannot be bought! Therefore he cannot be silenced!"
": were ready to thwart the establishment attempts in the Buckeye State. "
": Do you plan on making any campaign stops in West Virginia?" YES, soon.
": Watched special tonight! You have such amazing children. Lots to be proud of! Love your wife! Class Act!"
": A GREAT DAY in South Carolina for DonaldTrump &amp; ! "
": Youre the hero America needs! " Thank you, I only want to make America great again!
": Your family is a better watch than the Kardashians by a mile!" Cute!
": No pay or compensation to make our beautiful country again!! Thats his promise to us!! We love u trump"
": he will make America great again
": the best man for the job!" Thanks!
": AMAZING interview. You and your family will be great role models for America!!! "
": Watching now! Great! Always true to his word and the USA! A real leader! So nice to hear!!!"
": trump /20 shows just what hard work and good family can do. Blue collar with you."
": Long live Donald Trump our next Ronald Reagan!!! God bless you we need you" Nice!
Join us at pmE on with !
: I joined with on this evening. ://
": No one can take down because it is the WILL of the people for him to win!
": When you become president, we will avenge all of the innocents who isis killed"
": Trump supporters are a very loyal breed! We see the truth, only Trump can fix this mess we are in
Looking forward to watching the legendary interview my family (and me) tonight on at :00. Many things to talk about!
": You are amazing Mr. Trump! Thank you!!!" So nice.
Tune into the legendary at pmE on tonight. for a full hour !
. Please thank Charles Lane for his new found confidence. He has made a very good bet!
": ROLL TIDE"
": North Carolina. Come on down." Will be there very soon!
": Alabama loves you" Great!
": Ill be in attendance. " Nice!
": Awesome news. Keep your focus on the issues. You just might get more blue collar Democrats to vote for you than Reagan."
. Thank you, a very wise bet! Best wishes.
Just got back from South Carolina. Going to Alabama tomorrow!
. is weak on illegal immigration &amp; totally incompetent as a manager and leader - no strength or stamina to be !
The legendary interviews my family and me tonight at :00 on . Dont miss it!
. should focus on running &amp; all of the problems that he has caused with his ineptitude, &amp; not be so focused on me!
Can you believe the worst Mayor in the U.S., &amp; probably the worst Mayor in the history of , , just called me a blow hard!
Thank you for a great afternoon, South Carolina! See you next Tuesday!
I didnt suggest a database-a reporter did. We must defeat Islamic terrorism &amp; have surveillance, including a watch list, to protect America
Under our President, ISIS is gaining great strength-
My family has the honor of being interviewed for a full hour by the legendary tonight - pmE.
., a Fox contributor, isnt smart enough to know what is going on at the border. made the point far better!
Going to South Carolina now, great place, SRO crowd. Iowa was amazing yesterday!
The media must denigrate ISIS at all levels or youth will continue to be drawn to it. These are low level degenerates, NOT masterminds!
The media must immediately stop calling ISIS leaders "MASTERMINDS." Call them instead thugs and losers. Young people must not go into ISIS!
A wonderful afternoon in Iowa! Great people! Heading now to Florida - tomorrow, South Carolina!
A great evening in Iowa! Thank you Des Moines Area Community College for a great forum!
John Kasich was managing director of Lehman Brothers when it crashed, bringing down the world and ruining peoples lives. A total failure!
Once John Kasich announced he was running for president, and opened his mouth, people realized he was a complete &amp; total dud!
John Kasich fell right into President Obamas trap on ObamaCare, and the people of Ohio are suffering for it. Shame!
Doesnt help Kasich to do negative ads on me because he still has to go through everyone else - hes almost last.
John Kasich ad guy wanted to work for me, but his proposal was a rip off I said NO! Now ripping Kasich.
I loved beating John Kasich in the debates, but it was easyhe came in dead last!
Kasich has already spent $6 million on ads in New Hampshire and his numbers have gone down. People from NH are smart!
Watch Kasich squirm --- if he is not truthful in his negative ads I will sue him just for fun!
I want to do negative ads on John Kasich, but he is so irrelevant to the race that I dont want to waste my money.
John Kasich, despite being Governor of Ohio, is losing to me in the Ohio polls. Pathetic!
John Kasich should focus his special interest money on building up his failed image, not negative ads on me.
Governor Kasich, whose failed campaign &amp; debating skills have brought him way down in the polls, is going to spend $2.5 million against me.
The legendary Barbara Walters interviews Melania Trump and me on a special this Friday night at :00 on ABC. Dont miss it!
Thank you Worcester, Massachusetts!
Just the beginning &amp; it is going to get worse. Rates &amp; deductibles are so high nobody is going to be able to use it.
Has anybody read this story about Marco Rubio - devastating!
I told you! Premiums are soaring! ://
Thank you (Chris) . I have great respect for professionals that are willing to report so honestly &amp; fairly.

Thank you for your support! Together we can !
The POLICE in Paris did a fantastic job. Very brave - not easy!
A great review of my Aberdeen course by prestigious . Some say greatest ever built.
Everyone is now saying how right I was with illegal immigration &amp; the wall. After Paris, theyre all on the bandwagon.
We need new leadership- fast!
I skipped a speech given years ago at Mar-a-Lago by dopey because hes BORINGhe never forgot!
Dopey , a big proponent of the Iraq War and other catastrophes, doesnt like me very much. That means I win!
Broken down political pundit , who is wrong almost all of the time, should be thrown off . Boring and totally biased!
Eight Syrians were just caught on the southern border trying to get into the U.S. ISIS maybe? I told you so. WE NEED A BIG &amp; BEAUTIFUL WALL!
Ben Carson is being severely criticized for being incapable of understanding foreign policy be one of his top consultants. Not good!
" New Hampshire Poll: Rules GOP Race in New Hampshire. Trump , Rubio , Cruz , Bush , Carson , &amp; Kasich "
Via Politico: "Trump Extends Lead in New Hampshire Poll"
Very nice article from Daily Mail
Great New Poll
How does Ben Carson survive this problem really big. Similar story on front page of New York Times.
": " Katrina, great job on last night!
Thank you for all of your support! Lets !
The great Barbara Walters interviews Melania Trump and me on a Special Friday night at :00 on ABC._
": Obama has no credibility on terrorist threats &amp; ISIS. Trump best to protect us"
I will be interviewed by tonight at :00 on . Much, much, much to talk about!
Melania and I just had interview with the legendary . Watch this Friday. Tonight we talk ISIS
: Just sat down w/ &amp; Melania. Intv w/ his family Friday. Tonight we talk ISIS https_
. is doing very badly. I can say from experience their reporting is terrible &amp; highly inaccurate. Sadly, they are now irrelevant!
One of the saddest things in journalism is what happened to the formerly great . They have lost their way and are no longer credible.
What is our President doing?
"GOP Voters Trust Donald Trump to Keep Our Country Safe"
Refugees from Syria are now pouring into our great country. Who knows who they are - some could be ISIS. Is our president insane?
I, along with almost everyone else, have so little confidence in President Obama. He has a horrible attitude-a man who is resigned to defeat
So many great polls like Reuters - big leads everywhere. New Hampshire really special! We will win big and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you Tennessee!
Just received a copy of new book -- a great read! Sarah is a terrific person.
Great poll numbers out of . Thank you! ://
Just leaving Knoxville, TN --- what a crowd, what amazing people!
Just landing in Knoxville, Tennessee! Massive crowd expected! Will all have a great time, despite serious subject matter.
I agree! The headline says it all. ://
Discussing with on back on /3/2015.
Will be landing in Knoxville, Tennessee shortly - tremendous crowd expected. Its all very simple, we want to !
Republicans must stop listening to dopes like who still insists Mitt Romney won the last election. Think big &amp; think strong!
Wow, shares are down more than % this year. I never knew my ties &amp; shirts not being sold there would have such a big impact!
Interesting article from highly respected Wayne Allyn Root
Remember, I was the one who said attack the oil (ISIS source of wealth) a long time ago. Everyone scoffed, now theyre attacking the oil.
": From St. Patricks Cathedral, NYC: blessings, prayers and heartfelt concern for those in Paris.
": didnt know he was CEO of tmobile, I have T-Mobile, its pathetic, dropped calls, no service."
Tom Brady just did it again. He is not only a great guy, he is, without question, the BEST quarterback!
President Obama just told President Putin how important the Russian air strikes against ISIS have been. I TOLD YOU SO!
. John, focus on running your company, I think the service is terrible! Try hiring some good managers.
": you are so right. I only trust Trump to be tough on immigration"
": I have faith he will win and save America"
": i have faith he will win and save America"
": We finally have a voice with Lets do our part &amp; VOTE IN THE R PRIMARY, "
": Reading the comments of the leftists on here makes me nauseated. We SO NEED YOU, MR. TRUMP! Make America Great Again"
": Does anybody ever realize that HillaryClinton doesnt make eye contact with anyone, even the camera. Thats a sign of lying"
": If you missed it, here is the most popular link among people I follow by "
": Youre spot on! He tries b an intellectual elitist.The truth: he has a low IQ, no imagination, no creativity"
Glad to see that lost her championship fight last night. Was soundly beaten - not a nice person!
I have watched sloppy Graydon Carter fail and close Spy Magazine and now am watching him fail at Magazine. He is a total loser!
. Magazine is doing really poorly. It has gotten worse and worse over the years, and has lost almost all of its former allure!
": Donald Trump surges in poll among likely Republican voters "
": Donald Trump says tough gun control laws in Paris contributed to tragedy: Presidential candidate??"
": One of Paris terrorist came as Syrian refugee. Donald Trump is right again. BOMB THEIR OIL - TAKE AWAY THEIR FUNDING"
We need strong, tough and brilliant leadership now more than ever! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I had a great time in Texas yesterday. A tremendous crowd of wonderful and enthusiastic people. Will be back soon!
. on ISIS&ampIL FIELDS! Saying it for years! , you should acknowledge this!
When will President Obama issue the words RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM? He cant say it, and unless he will, the problem will not be solved!
": the best book Ive read in years, Trump is right on every issue and has the best ideas, a true economic genius"
": Crippled America is an incredible book! People need to read truth. "
": Poll: Trump Surges to % Nationally; Bad News for Marco Rubio " Great news!
I think everyone will like my new and very successful book, Crippled America. Go get it and let me know what you think!
Wow, Bernie Sanders just admitted that the real unemployment rate is % (it is actually over %) and for African American youth - %.
Hillary and Sanders are not doing well, but what is the failed former Mayor of Baltimore doing on that stage? OMalley is a clown.
Why wont President Obama use the term Islamic Terrorism? Isnt it now, after all of this time and so much death, about time!
": TrumpOn America needs you in office Now! "
": I absolutely love this, cant wait till u debate Clinton"
": Enough of these party debates. What I wanna see is a vs one on one debate!" That would be easy!
": are you watching this circus?!? what a joke! "
": this debate stinks. CBS News, major fail. "
Great news out of New Hampshire! DonaldTrump is pulling away from the pack w/ nd is % behind him! "
: Trumps ability to identify issues before it actually happens is uncanny- iraq-border issues-s_
": was right! close the borders! "
": I love you Trump! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
": I still havent heard the WH say the words islamic terrorist. Call it what it is. cant happen fast enough.
": has what MONEY CANT BUY: VISION &amp; LOYAL &amp; MOTIVATED SUPPORT! "
": THE WORLD IS PLAYING EVERYTHING RIGHT FOR TRUMP! EVERY DAY HIS POINTS ARE PROVEN"
": you definitely have my vote!__"
": - a tough man for a tough job in tough times. Gloves off, game on! "
": you need to win for not just America, but for humanity."
We need much tougher, much smarter leadership - and we need it NOW!
President Obama said "ISIL continues to shrink" in an interview just hours before the horrible attack in Paris. He is just so bad! CHANGE.
My prayers are with the victims and hostages in the horrible Paris attacks. May God be with you all.
Boy is this guy tough on me. So totally biased. As a reporter, he should be ashamed of himself!
They laughed at me when I said to bomb the ISIS controlled oil fields. Now they are not laughing and doing what I said.
Thank you for giving me credit for my vision on bombing the oil fields. Should have been done long ago.
Great honor to be inducted into the NJ Boxing Hall of Fame last night. Thank you! Timing could not have been better!
. Carly, whose campaign is dead, is making false statements about me in order to salvage hope! Sad.
. had to inject herself into my factual statements concerning Ben Carson in order to breathe life into her failing campaign!
. I only said I was on four weeks ago with Putinnever said I was in Green Room. Separate piecesgreat ratings!
. Ben Carson said in his own book that he has a pathological temper &amp; pathological disease. I didnt say it, he did. Apology?
. CarlyI did graduate from Wharton and did very well. Who is your fact checker? Will you apologize?
. Carly, not just you, I also told Gov. Kasich to let Jeb talk, give him a chance because Kasich was constantly cutting in.
": REUTERS -DAY ROLLING POLL: TRUMP %, CARSON %, RUBIO %, CRUZ %..." Thank you - a great honor!
Happy Friday the th
Thank you Iowa! I appreciate all of your support &amp; this evening!
First candidate in Virginia with over validated signatures for the ballot. An honor - thank you!
I will be on with at PM. Tune in!
I will be on with tonight at PM.
Macys was very disloyal to me bc of my strong stance on illegal immigration. Their stock has crashed!
Thank you for showing the was wrong. So dishonest!
From % to % in Texas - quite a jump into first place!
Wow, pres. candidate Ben Carson, who is very weak on illegal Immigration, just said he likes amnesty and a pathway to citizenship.
Total fool is part of the Republican Establishment problem. An all talk, no action dummy!
. and dopey Karl Rove made a mistake and purposely mischaracterized my statement on the terrible TPP deal.
Why does the failing write a false editorial about me and let dummy make the same mistake in the same edition of the paper?
. is a biased dope who wrote falsely about me re China and TPP. This moron wasted $430 million on political campaigns and lost %
We, as a country, either have borders or we dont. IF WE DONT HAVE BORDERS, WE DONT HAVE A COUNTRY!
Why wouldnt the call for comment or clarification before writing an editorial which is so totally wrong. No wonder it is doing poorly!
When and how are the dummies at the going to apologize to me for their totally incorrect Editorial on me. I want "smart" trade deals.
The Editorial Board is so wrong, so often. They got info from an incorrect story in another pub. Why not watch and listen to debate.
. Editorial Board should review my debate statement re China and T.P.P. and apologize. China not part but will get their way in later.
Todays Editorial is WRONG again. I know that China is not in the new T.P.P. trade deal but would come in latter through a back door.
I will be interviewed on at :30
All seven on-line polls, including Drudge and Time, with thousands of respondents, said I won the debate. said I was "so, so."
": Im not convinced that any candidate other than is committed to securing our borders. "
": You will bring out more voters to vote for you than weve seen in any election!" Great.
": This -Year-Old Woman Registered to Vote Just to Cast a Ballot for Trump "
": RUBIO sat back during debate on Immigration hoping no would ask him about Gang of . "
Will be interviewed by tonight at PM.
I will be on at PM tonight. Tune in!
. Gerardwonderful job last night as moderator of the debate. I told many, really smart and elegant.
I never said that China was in the bad TPP trade deal but that China would come in the back door at a later date.
Just returned home from the great state of New Hampshire. Have made so many friends there--special place!
Happy Veterans Day. To those who have served, thank you for your special work.
Thank you &amp; -- a great show!
Loved doing the debate...won Drudge and all on-line polls! Amazing evening, moderators did an outstanding job.
Will be on live from New Hampshire - :00 A.M. Talking about the debate and more!
": Keep up the good work, Donald! Hello from Vancouver where the new &amp; amazing Trump Tower and Hotel almost complete!
: A big thanks to and for stopping and talking with at . Watch http_
I will be on live from New Hampshire tomorrow at am.
People Magazine: "Donald Trump Was Right: He Gave SNL Its Best Ratings in Nearly Years--Plus, What You Didnt See"
Thank you South Carolina!
Thank you New Jersey!
Go out and buy CRIPPLED AMERICA: How to Make America Great Again. Doing really well. Great Thanksgiving or Christmas present!
": Funny all the real polls have way ahead.
": : Like him or hate him runs a brilliant campaign for !" Thank you!
": is Hillarys worst nightmare! Just take a look at Illinois rally last night."
": If the Trump Hotel Honolulu is any reflection how you would be as President then I think the U.S will be in good hands" Thank you!
I will be interviewed by on at :00 A.M. There is much to talk about!
": Gives SNL Its Biggest Ratings In Years "
": Why nailed SNL. My new column. "
": Donald Trump lifted to its best ratings since . (Photo: NBC) "
": Trump helps SNL blow roof off the ratings, most viewers since "
": DonaldTrump Saturday Night Live episode garners highest viewership since "
": Trumps show delivered the biggest overnight ratings since early : "
": Ratings were HUGE for appearance on Saturday Night Live -&gt; "
": Only one man has the appeal, nerve, commitment, ideas, &amp; motivation. Hes the icon, business tycoon, and lovable DonaldTrump
": its the only way we can make America great again."
": Exactly. Marco has no accomplishments."
": Man, I love the where you spoke the truth about Hillary. We have waited so long for someone to do this."
": It shouldnt be ignored, and I doubt it will be, Carson will drop in polls."
": Look when you try to kill Your mom,thats it for me ,no walking on water"
": OuTsTaNdInG!!! Is obvious that Jr. has much of his fathers charisma and intelligence!"

Thank you to Robert Rorke for the really nice review of . So many enjoyed it - very gratifying!
Marco Rubio is totally weak on illegal immigration &amp; in favor of easy amnesty. A lightweight choker - bad for !
Marco Rubio couldnt even respond properly to President Obamas State of the Union Speech without pouring sweat &amp; chugging water. He choked!
Marco Rubio is a total lightweight who I wouldnt hire to run one of my smaller companies - a highly overrated politician!
A great evening in Springfield, Illinois. Thank you for all of the support!
Great job on . Nobody could have done it better!
Thanks Piers. Greatly appreciated.
. should listen. Ana Navarro has no talent, no TV persona, and works for Busha total conflict of interest.
. Thanks so much. Really appreciate your comments. I will help the veterans like no one else.
": Trump SNL Episode Generates Highest Ratings Since : At the very least, Donald Trump is making Sat... "
Thank you to all of those who gave me such wonderful reviews for my performance on Saturday Night Live. Best ratings in years!
"nald Trump Is Ratings Gold For SNL: Donald Trump Is Ratings Gold For SNL...
": Ratings: DonaldTrump lifted to a near four-year high. " TRUMP RATINGS GOLD!
": Chuck Schumer: Sen Marco Rubio Is Totally Committed To Obamas Immigration Agenda DonaldTrump
": great job on SNL mr trump, funny funny." Thanks.
": Trump Winery: via Always an amazing experience at Trump Winery Beautiful fall foliage
": you made SNL great again"
": was hilarious ty we so enjoyed it! "
": Thats because people are interested in you, &amp; youve got a great sense of humor, unlike Hillary
": HUUUUUGE"
": Great job Donald! Good luck from Canada!"
": "
. Highest rated Saturday Night Live in four years. % higher than their opening night with Hillary &amp; Miley Cyrus. Nice words
Television ratings for Saturday Night Live just came out and they were great - the best since . Very few protesters!
": Youve got it going on!!! Nothing is boring or low energy about you. /TrumpNow
At :30 I will be interviewed on both by and Face The Nation by John Dickerson. This after long evening!
I will be interviewed by on at :00 A.M.
. Will be interviewed by Jake Tapper at :00 A.M. Enjoy.
": Awesome time on Saturday Night Live Mr. Trump! Thanks for being YOU! " Thank you!
": You are a machine. Success leaves clues. "
. - So much fun last night!
": What a show. Thanks for watching, everyone! "
": you made SNL great again"
": I am Hispanic - I am with you"
": Trump rocked SNL!"
": it was a great show!"
": we need you elected tomorrow!"
": Loved the show!"
": Please stand up for American Hispanic families and fight illegal immigration it is destroying USA! "
": great show !!! "
": thanks donald great show,when r u coming back to massachusetts?" Very soon!
": We finally have a voice with Lets do our part &amp; VOTE IN THE R PRIMARY "
": It was FANTASTIC!!"
": The books great "
": Loved the show! Best in years! "
Will be on at :00 A.M.
Amazing evening at Saturday Night Live!
I am at the Saturday Night Live Studio - electricity all over the place. We will be doing a "tweeting" skit, so stay tuned!
": I am working a SHIFT BUT WILL STAY UP WATCH! I COULD USE A SATURDAY NIGHT LIVE LAUGH! . Nice.
": If you like how handled , then youll just her as Commander-in-Chief "
": "
": You want them here legally and they want to be here legally!"
": " Wow Marco, is this true?
": so let it be written, so lets get him elected in a landslide victory in ! "
": use SNL to tell Hispanics you are for them , you want them to have jobs and be here legally" Great idea!
": is performing, DonaldTrump is hosting. Tonights is going to be legendary. "
": From the last time Donald Trump hosted The Boardroom Band. "
": Backstage with Trump. "
": Everyone loves new look. "
": Cecily also has a Trump impression. "
": See you at Rockefeller Center. "
": Were live from Studio H tonight. "
": cant wait to watch. for president night live"
": I havent seen anyone carry themselves so Presidential since Reagan. " Great!
They are saying that tickets to tonights Saturday Night Live are the hardest to get in the history of this great show! Off to a good start!
": Donald Trump is going to win the Presidency. Get on board the its going to be " Thanks.
": Live from New York, Donald Trump will soon be hosting SNL: " Frazier, enjoy the show and best wishes!
": We unearthed Donald Trumps Vine account from and its incredible " Thank you.
Saturday Night Live has some incredible things in store tonight. The great thing about playing myself is that it will be authentic! Enjoy
. Please thank your brother for his nice words on television. Seems like a great guy and character!
": I cant wait to watch snl tomorrow." A really big show!
One of the dumbest political pundits on television is Chris Stirewalt of . Wrong facts - check Fox debate rankings, Trump . Dope!
": THIS IS WHY THE POLLS ARE WRONG! : I am a lifelong democrat. And I will be voting trump! ""
": One more day! Donald Trump hosts with tomorrow. " Will be a wild night!
Would be nice if learned how to read the polls before writing his next story. Probably done on purpose, but not good reporting!
has become a sad case. His magazine is failing badly, probably doesnt have long to go, and his predictions are always wrong!
": dont let the Keystone Pipeline die. The US needs to be good neighbors with Canada, and energy independent."
": Only Donald Trump can " Thank you!
Will be on tonight. Signing a copy of Crippled America for Bill!
So sad that Obama rejected Keystone Pipeline. Thousands of jobs, good for the environment, no downside!
Happy Birthday to the great . Hes done so many wonderful things, not the least of which is his fantastic family. I love Billy!
": IS CARSON HALLUCINATING? NOW LIES ABOUT WESTPOINT? "
": DonaldTrump has built a lifetime reputation of doing what he says he will do. He keeps his promises.
": Will be highest rated show ever, is a marketing genius " Hope it does well!
": GREAT Video. Which of these Polls is Suspect? Kudos to "
": Super excited to watch tomorrow night on "
": and they kept Rand Paul on the main stage. Lets get Huck and Christie back."
": The straw man candidate is falling apart!____"
": How anyone could see him as president baffles me. Lies and insane theories.
": KEEP IT COMMING TRUMP!!!! People need to be warned about that Carson figure who is not who they think!"
Getting ready for commercial.
: One more day! Donald Trump hosts with tomorrow.
": This is not good. " WOW, one of many lies by Ben Carson! Big story.
": All Rep should stand with Forget Bush, Rubio and knife attackers! "
. Thank you so much for the nice words and support--really enjoy listening to your ideas and thoughts.
I think it would be a good ideaand fairto include &amp; in the debate. Both solid &amp; good guys.
Carson now admits his friend named "Bob," who he tried to stab (Bob was saved by his belt buckle!), no longer exists as Bob. Wrong name!
With Ben Carson wanting to hit his mother on head with a hammer, stab a friend and Pyramids built for grain storage - dont people get it?
Such bad reporting: A puff piece on Ben Carson in the states that Carson "is trying to solidify his lead." But I am , easily! Sad
Florida Ethics Commission Advocate comes down hard on Rubio. So do two people who worked with him. Said he used the wrong credit card! Sure.
": . Rubio is a Manchurian Candidate. People will own him if he ever became president."
": -huge lead in Reuters National poll "
": Marco Rubio cant even handle his own credit card how is he going to be able to handle the U.S. finances "
": its about time we find a republican that can take on the democrats! "
": Interesting presidential race; Carson tries to beat his mom with a hammer, and beats Carson in the polls!
": Silent majority did not try to kill their mothers, like Ben Carson, but wants America rebuilt by only one capable:TRUMP"
A great honor to easily finish FIRST in the poll tabulation even though some of my best polls were not used in determining winner!
": Wow . You openly LIE about whos ahead in the GOP race. Trump is LEADING in % of polls. Shameful...
": Ivanka said it and you said it too, youll be great for women. "
": TRUMP Supporters arent Angry Were Smart ! Were Men / Women / Millennials / Politically Saavy "
": I love to see the respect you have shown to your parents, siblings and children. Proven Respect and Class needed in USA!"
The Carson story is either a total fabrication or, if true, even worse-trying to hit mother over the head with a hammer or stabbing friend!
": MSM are LYING to you about Hispanics hating Trump. Heres the real deal! "
Rubio lied about my meeting w/ Hispanic activists. I didnt change my opinion but treated them w/ respect. Shame!
": poll numbers are higher then most think, no one is asking Democrats if they are voting Trump"
": I just finished reading Crippled America. Its a detailed blueprint to get America back on track."
": No need, Everyone knows Jeb is full of blank.
": JEBS! Whole campaign is fueled by lies. Just like his brother lied about Iraq. BUSH DYNASTY=LIES"
. should have corrected Jeb Bush when he said that I "ran for president twice." Never ran, merely considered running!
": I am a lifelong democrat. And I will be voting trump!!!! " Great!
": What other candidate begins to rival Trump in his knowledge, breadth of issues, stamina?" Thanks!
": Why didnt correct Jeb when he said has run president X B4~Jeb needs B corrected b/c he lied."
": Carson has the WORST health plan EVER re: Soc Sec and Medicare. He wants to abolish Medicare - no way!
Jeb Bush just said about Marco Rubio, "hes my friend!" Pure political speak. Why cant he be truthful and say "disloyal guy, no friend!"
Also, tune in to the at :00am. I will be on to discuss the campaign, my new ads and .
I will unveil my first campaign ads on at :30am tomorrow. Enjoy!
Wow! poll just came out. with %! Almost as importantly, I am the strongest on economic issues by far!
Just landed in New Hampshire - a very exciting morning planned!
Isnt it terrible that used a poll not used before (I.B.D.) when I was down, but refuses to use it now when I am up?

": every single real American needs to read ! Beyond awesome I couldnt be more thrilled"
": Just read ! Great book! I havent felt this enthusiastic about since "
": DONALD TRUMP-CRIPPLED AMERICAThe new book by is best seller in the making."
": Crippled AMERICA is a must read. So right. Great job on another best seller."
": Republicans in Congress can learn a lot from on dealing with Obama! They should read !"
": Reading Crippled America ....feeling love for our country first, in its pages. Thats why I stand with TRUMP"
": on sending Special Ops Forces troops to Syria: This country needs to be less predictable.
": I cant wait to read your new book! We are supporting you here in Boise Idaho!"
": Shooting promos for with Cecily and . "
": Sarah Palin Defends Donald Trumps Immigration Plan On Fox News via "
": The Complete Interview: Getting Things Done via "
": We finally have a voice with , Lets do our part &amp; VOTE IN THE PRIMARY "
": This says it ALL. TRUMP . "
": . He is a common sense powerhouse that gets things done! Excellent book! "
": " Rubio wants Common Core for education.
": DONALD TRUMP FULL INTERVIEW: Fox and Friends (11-03-15) "
": "
I will be on tonight at pmE talking about my new book and much more!
Marco Rubio would keep Barack Obamas executive order on amnesty intact. See article. Cannot be President.
": The polls are for the news cycle. Trump is miles ahead and leaving all others in the dust, "dont doubt me"
": Trump is the only one who can make America great again. Carsons sleepy, Jeb low energy."
": Your performances in every state have been amazing!
. is looking for a new puppet after Governor Walker and Jeb Bush cratered. He now likes Rubio--next fail.
": I Trust s polls They are actually really Fair and really balanced on all their news" Iowa lead!
": been here in line for two hours already. reading book while waiting. Ill see you at noon!"
": Book in hand waiting for The Next President "
": is the only candidate speaking on the horrible treatment our vets are getting and he has solutions!
": "
Join me today, Nov rd, in at noon. Ill be signing copies of my new book CRIPPLED AMERICA. Dont miss it!
": BREAKING: Latest poll of Florida voters shows enormous lead for Trump! Hed beat Hillary! "
I will be interviewed on at :00 A.M. and at :50. Talking about my new book, out today, Crippled America.
": this interview is great."
": Rubio is irresponsible on finances and doesnt show up for work! Who would hire him? Not the American People!
": Nope. Trump isnt taking weeks off to promote his book. Trump is donating all to charity"
": Great interview. Ranks just above the interview."
": Read all about the Wollman deal and many other successful deals in "The Art of the Deal" by "
": Trump is our last chance to turn this country around "
": his crowds are huge...hard to think he is going to lose."
": agreed Luisa. WILL WIN! This is what he does!"
": fantastic job with your interview with today!"
Join me tomorrow, Nov. rd, at pm in . Ill be signing copies of my new book CRIPPLED AMERICA. Dont miss it!
My interview with &amp; at airing at PM on .
. used this poll (nobody else did) when I was downwonder if shell use it now that Im up?
. Why dont you use new polls instead of the single ancient national poll that was a tiny bit negative. Dishonest reporting!
Meet me at and get your copy of my new book CRIPPLED AMERICA signed on /3 at pm!
Thank you Carl Higbie (former Navy Seal) for you support of my plan to straighten out the Veterans Administration-a mess!Great job
": "The MAN with a PLAN! Go Trump! We got your back! " DonaldTrump "
": Online poll: best to handle economy by far " Very true, thanks!
": DONALD TRUMP is the absolute WINNER!! You "heads" try to talk around him, WHY, WHY??? Go TRUMP!"
.: Marco only won the debate in the minds of desperate people. I won every on-line poll, even crazy . Marco good looking?
Sirius National News at :30 A.M. Steve Bannon.
": WE ACCEPT THE BEST. We want Trump!"
": I sure in the hell hope so. Trump please make this country great again."
": Its not so much that Iran made a good deal, its that Kerry and Obama gave away the store." O.K.!
": We shouldnt be surprised.No leadership in the White House.Glad will
": America needs you to start your -year shift a bit early to start fixing this disaster."
": RT ": . We The People want Mr Trump_ "
": . We The People want Mr Trump to be our President!!! " Great pic
Now that Iran ripped us off by making one of the best deals of any kind in history, they have just moved to block any imports from the U.S.
": years from now we will thank President Trump for making us great again!" Thank you!
I will be on Sirius XM RADIO, National News Show, at :30 A.M. (Monday) hosted by the great Steve Bannon.
Thank you for the nice, and true, words on Buzz with terrific Howie Kurtz. Leading New Hampshire to .
While in politics it is often smart to send out false messages, one thing is clear: That Hillary does not want to run against TRUMP.
Join me Tuesday Nov. rd at PM in in NYC. Ill be signing copies of my book CRIPPLED AMERICA. Dont miss it!
If Jeb Bush were more competent he could not have lost the skirmish with Marco in the debate. BAD facts for Marco if properly delivered!
Marco Rubio will not win. Weak on illegal immigration, strong on amnesty and has the appearance to killers of the world as a "lightweight".
I told you in speeches months ago that Jeb and Marco do not like each other. Marco is too ambitious and very disloyal to Jeb as his mentor!
Jebs new slogan - "Jeb can fix it". I never thought of Jeb as a crook! Stupid message, the word "fix" is not a good one to use in politics!
Anybody that believes in strong borders and stopping illegal immigration cannot vote for Marco Rubio READ THIS: "
Further proof that Gang of Eight member Marco Rubio is weak on illegal immigration is Paul Singers, Mr. Amnesty, endorsement.Rubs cant win
": Anyway, for me the most original costume was Donald Trump like President!!!!"
": [First Vote News Video | Mike Tyson Endorses Donald Trump for President] - " Thanks Mike!
": And youre still a negative loser and Trump is still a positive winner. Im Black and proudly voting TRUMP!"
": Trump Leads GOP, Carson Stays Strong, Rubio rd: Poll "
": Watch "FULL Speech: Donald Trump MASSIVE Rally in Norfolk, VA (10-31-15)" on YouTube - "
Gov. John Kasich has really failed on the campaign trail. I thought he would have been far more talented. He is just wasting time &amp; money!
": MEDIA WANTS A PUPPET.WE WANT DONALD TRUMP TO MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, LAST CHANCE TO MAKE AMERICA GREAT
": Donald Trump Releases Plan to Reform Veterans Affairs - ABC News - via "
": WATCH: Donald Trump holds rally at USS Wisconsin in Virginia " A great day.
": Trumpur educational sys is ranked in the world-Get rid of Watch LIVE and CHAT:
": WATCH LIVE: Trump talks about treatment of veterans in Norfolk, Va. "
": The Posts latest on Trump: From Trumps rally today in Virginia: "
": This is the most focused Trump stump Ive heard - really drilling down on vets issues here in Virginia."
. John Oliver had his people call to ask me to be on his very boring and low rated show. I said "NO THANKS" Waste of time &amp; energy!
Few people know that is still in business. Tell your writer Alisa Soloman that I left The Apprentice to run for president
": Another STRONG pro-American position with Dept of Veterans Affairs reform policy. "
": Floridian here I quit watching debates years ago &amp; most TV except GATOR football until you decided to run for President"
": so true. In all previous debates, no one watched and they were cancelled"
": saw this and had to share! He wants to be you! Love it!!!! U r his HERO! " So cute!
": Agree This is The Only Time have been More involved in President Elections since Kennedy!!!"
": I wouldnt be watching at all!!! Honestly!"
": you were great in it!!" Thanks!
": no one would have watched the debates if Trump had not been in them"
": has won all three debates and all that matters is that Trump supporters know that &amp; will vote Trump!" THANKS!
": this coming election is THE MOST IMPORTANT PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION in my lifetime VOTE FOR TRUMP"
": I wouldnt watch it at all if Mr. trump was not on it. See u on your book signing on /3. Trump all the way.
": " Leading big Nationwide in Reuters poll - great!
No complaints but how many people would be watching these really dumb but record setting debates if I wasnt in them? Interesting question!
": Go Trump GO Vote Trump!"
Thank you James Freeman of the for the very nice words. All polls said I won the debate except NBC (3rd). Explain to Daniel Henninger!

Support Coach Kennedy and his right, together with his young players, to pray on the football field. Liberty Institute just suspended him!
Just left Virginia where I unveiled my healthcare and other plans for our great Veterans! They will be very happy!
. said such nice things about me during the debate that I thought Id do his show, , on Monday (2:30pm EST).
": Evangelicals dont like lairs. This Carson Mannatech video and story show be shown in Iowa "
": surges in Post-debate Poll! Trump puts US st and foremost "
": And its a Glorious Fall Day in Norfolk!! Knockem dead Donald!" Thanks!
": DO A FLYOVER USS WISCONSIN!" Cool idea, we will try!
The Wall Street Journal loves to write badly about me. They better be careful or I will unleash big time on them. Look forward to it!
Lifting off right now for U.S.S. Wisconsin in Norfolk. See ya
I told you so- just lost its top person. Poor results and no money to pay him. If they were legit, they would be doing far better!
I am leaving for Norfolk, Virginia - the great battleship U.S.S. Wisconsin - for a big rally and really big crowd. See you soon!
I see Marco Rubio just landed another billionaire to give big money to his Superpac, which are total scams. Marco must address him as "SIR"!
The new NBC POLL has me in first place but said I was third in the debate - I demand a recount (just kidding!). EVERY other poll had me .
Black Lives Matter protesters totally disrupt Hillary Clinton event. She looked lost. This is not what we need with ISIS, CHINA, RUSSIA etc.
": So true! Vote and have America greatness back to where it belongs : The United States of America.
": We need a REAL change. you are the only1who can stand up&amp; .
I am going to save Medicare and Medicaid, Carson wants to abolish, and failing candidate Gov. John Kasich doesnt have a clue - weak!
When candidate John Kasich, on the , talked about dismantling Medicare and Medicaid, he was referring to Ben Carson.
": Donald Trump: I Think Obama Hates Israel "
": Trump Rights Ship on Immigration: Demands Disney Rehire Workers Replaced by Cheap Foreign Labor. "
": Arizona polls for Democrats only say they would prefer Donald Trump over Hillary Clinton %"
": I LOVE watching Donald Trump in action. Free education. Just watch and learn. LOVE IT. " Nice.
": . on his (naked) "young and carefree" days and pal Donald Trump " Rod, album is great!
": Who had the best Donald Trump Halloween costume--Kelly Ripa, Lara Spencer or Mario Batali? "
": you are always many steps ahead of the game!" Thank you.
": Trump is the closest thing to Gen.Patton that we will ever see again." Cool!
": Republican is %; support for Carson is %." Poll used by last month
": Mike Huckabee is a very nice gentleman and yes Donald you raised wonderful children
": Mr. Trump do you swear to provide for, protect and care for our soldiers, including Vets?" YES, YES, YES!
. Great job on tonight. Thanks for your nice words about my children. Class!
": Would be AWESOME moderators for next debate "
": Everyone under % in polls should DROP OUT and support TRUMP " Great idea!
": DonaldTrump,NAME ONE CANDIDATE WHO CAN MAKE DEALS WITH CHINA ! IF WE DONT BRING JOBS BACK! WERE DEAD "
Happy Birthday to my friend ...
Via The Political Insider: Donald Trump Just Received The Best News Possible!
Donald Trump Leads Polls in Florida
Super PACs should be disavowed by anyone running for President. They are a total scam on our system and country! I am self-funding.
Thank you for your wonderful words. We will
Happy Birthday to my wonderful daughter, .
Thank you for explaining to and and so many others that I am leading in almost all national &amp; state polls.
": Rubio an orator/liar like Obama but totally unqualified. Rubio visa bill did NOT protect American workers. See Disney."
": "The only way anybodys gonna beat Trump is being better than he is."~ on ."
Thank you for the nice words on . I will win and Make America Great Again!
Loved doing the debate last night on . Check out all of the polls! Everyone agrees that Harwood bombed!
Wow, just heard really bad stuff about the failing . How much longer will they be around? Some very untalented reporters.
My interview on with had a %+ ratings increase over same Sunday last year. % over last week.
Post-Debate via . Thank you! ://
I was on Twitter -- and so positive. Thank you!
Join me Tuesday, Nov. rd at pm in Trump Tower NYC. Ill be signing copies of my new book CRIPPLED AMERICA. Dont miss it!
": Another WIN! "
": The One, The Only, Donald Trump, will and can Make America Great Again ! "
": I sleep better at night knowing u will soon be POTUS! " Thank you.
": Im not even american and I want to see win! A person like him is going to set a new standard for world leaders!"
": Good job Mr. Trump. The way you respond shows that you truly are ready to be the next US president! "
": hell of a job"
": People need to wake up Mr. Trump. You are the most qualified person to ever run for President Of The United States. "
": We need a wall not a Rubio"
": This country needs an unscripted hero like The Donald... __" Thank you.
. Congratulations and good luck - you will do a GREAT job for our wonderful U.S.A.!
": We Support You! And Believe that your Americas Hope" Thanks.
Failing host , a mental basketcase, loves SUPERPACS - in other words, he wants your politicians totally controlled by lobbyists!
": you have my vote in my first election great debate last night keep up the good work! " Thanks.
Via : Who won the ?
CNBC poll: Trump won
Thank you!
": Dipshit lied debate always being set for hours If not calling out.
": YES!"
": DOMINATING. TRUMP!!!!
": TRUMP WINS CNBC INSTANT POLL; RUBIO SECOND... DEVELOPING... "
": Stay strong and get ready for next debate. Great job last night."
": Once again haters gonna hate...hands down will always be
": Trump good for legal immigration, economy, defense, taxes, Social Security, Medicare, nd Amendment, and ALL Americans."
": DonaldTrump turned a $1 Million loan into $10 Billion. Thats like you turning a $1,000 loan into $10 Million. CouldYouDoIt?
": " Great, thank you!
Thank you to everybody for your wonderful comments on my debate performance - it was a lot of fun! Today I will be speaking in Reno, Nevada.
": One thing I learned from : "Sometimes the best deals are the deals you never make" We will have strong deal makers
": by the time youre done everyone will be wearing a Trump tie"
": they should just let you be president already, youre already leading in the polls."
": keep youre momentum until you win over the White House"
": you have inspired us to "
": good job for Christie last night.Maybe he will face her yrs from now after "
": IS TRUTH! We want ! ______"
Thank you and for all of your nice words and comments on the debate!
": % said that won Debate Vote your stand:
": Gravis Marketing Poll leading. " Great!
The money losing is considered by many in the world of politics to be the dumbest and most slanted of the political sites. Losers!
": came out as a clear winner in the polls yet again! Next we need max candidates, too many on the stage!
": % SUPPORTERS ARE TRUE BLUE and we are MOTIVATED! "
": Good Night all supporters. Great night Mr , You ROCKED the Rocky Mountains &amp; the Nation tonight!!!"
": The poll closed with declared the official winner.
": showing why he should be our next President. Tremendous Debate. Winning all the post Debate polls.
": You were very poised and professional at the debate. You looked Presidential tonight. Hit a homerun "
Drudge Poll on who won the rd . Thank you!
Thank you Colorado! An honor to win Poll.
Thank you, Jonathan. Greatly appreciated!
": Congrats Mr. Trump. You did great tonight. You made us ALL proud YES! SAYING IT AGAIN....Trump "
": GREAT debate, way to go!!"
": WE ALL VOTED FOR YOU TONIGHT AS WINNER OF THE DEBATE..
Thanks, . Youre great!
The poll closed with declared the official winner. Thank you!
Thank you! ://
Thanks everyone, they all said I won the debate. Even won the Poll!
Via "Trump still in the lead by a whopping points after fluke survey had put Carson on top"-
": Love your sense of humor...LOL Your rallies are amazing. Were standing behind you %"
POLL TOTAL: TRUMP CARSON RUBIO ....
. Poll, one of the most highly respected, was just released. Wow, wait until the media digests these numbers - wont be happy!
Im sure the media will not report the highly respected new national poll that just came out via The Economist. %!
": why only Donald Trump can beat Hillary. "
": The Liberals are terrified that youll be the one to go against Hillary.
": get your polls straight. Trump is going to win. He is the only one tough enough to run this country."
": is trying to drive down poll numbers to install Carson - who the Establishment GOP will promptly roll. Win Don Win!"
Does anybody think that will get their fictitious polling numbers corrected sometime prior to the start of the debate. Sad!
": I watched the entire rally and Trump was very well received the place was packed."
. can you believe Kasie Hunts poor and purposely inaccurate reporting on my great night and crowd in Iowa. is a scam!
. continues to report fictious poll numbers. Number one, based on every statistic, is Trump (by a wide margin). They just cant say it!
After a great evening and packed auditorium in Iowa, I am now in Colorado looking forward to what I am sure will be a very unfair debate!
": Debate night! is behind you % National Lead TRUMP % CARSON % "
": good morning. Easy on each other &amp; finish off the establishment guys. They hope you will fight it out."True
": Via the Washington Post: Inside the World of Donald Trumps Super Fans: "
": DonaldTrumps and BenCarsons support up since Sept as they head into tomorrows
": "
": A lot of people I know are voting Trump in NC none have been polled your lead is bigger than anyone can imagine."
": This Hispanic woman believes Trump has the brains &amp; energy to "Make America Great Again"."
". How many MSM outlets will carry a clip of leaving the podium to enter a crowd &amp; listen to the concerns of a VET?
": was watching on our computer. He was awesome. Great job. "
Thank you Iowa! Great night---see you soon!
": Loved seeing speak to the wounded warrior &amp; his family.He has a caring heart and will take care of our vets
Via the Washington Post: Inside the World of Donald Trumps Super Fans:
Just out, wonderful poll in North Carolina. ://
": At least the real frontrunner is actually campaigning in Iowa and not on book tours. TRUMP !"
": composite national poll ... "
": WTG, GREAT JOB. U R THE BEST PICK OUT OF ALL OF THE CANDIDATES &amp; OHIO KNOWS THIS .THAT IS WHY U R LEADING THERE TOO"
I am leaving for Sioux City, Iowa - great event (rally).
National GOP Presidential Poll via %
"Trumps National Lead Increases to % Going into the Third GOP Debate its Trump, Carson and Rubio" _
Thank you for the wonderful story.
New Gravis national poll just out --- %! Very nice!
": Why not post the other polls where Trump has percent and Carson is in the teens? Strange?"
": I agree hasnt be right about anything in a very long time. Shocking that gives him a platform."
": Im voting for too." Thanks.
": Mike Tyson endorses " Thanks Iron Mike, greatly appreciated!
": Looking forward to seeing you in Reno Nevada this Thursday! Nevada stands with you!!!!!!!!!!!!!!" Nice.
": Im years old from Florida, and just registered to vote. You got my vote in the primaries!" THANKS.
": Thanks to for giving great attention to the Town of Atkinson at w/ "
": There shouldnt be a problem with this election. "WE THE PEOPLE" finally have someone that speaks on OUR behalf. TRUMP-2016"
": How is any one taking Carson seriously when he "suspends" his presidential campaign for a book signing tour?"
Dopey , who has lost all credibility with so many dumb statements and picks, said last week on that Biden was in.
: New poll shows and are tied atop the field in Iowa.
Watch my appearance on the from this morning
All Presidential candidates should immediately disavow their Super PACs. Theyre not only breaking the spirit of the law but the law itself
Re Super PAC scam: What the other candidates are doing is a disgrace.
This whole Super PAC scam is very unfair to a person like me who has disavowed all PACs &amp; is self-funding.
": I voted Reagan to make America Great. I will vote to "
": Good job for badgering Ford. Why didnt POTUS or Hillary care about those UAW jobs in Ohio?"
": . The more I hear Trump the more I like him!"
": Do you think Hillary, Ben or Jeb could do this?
Ben Carson wants to abolish Medicare - I want to save it and Social Security.
":Tomorrow on TODAY moderates town hall, live from New Hampshire.
Leaving for New Hampshire now. Will be doing the there, live at :00 A.M. New Poll of New Hampshire: Trump Carson !
An aerial shot of Jacksonville crowd yesterday! I may as well show you because the media wont.
Remember that Carson, Bush and Rubio are VERY weak on illegal immigration. They will do NOTHING to stop it. Our country will be overrun!
": Bush appears to be low on cash may need to do drop out or perhaps get a loan from Hillary.
": CAPTIVATES CROWDS WITH STIRRING SPEECH " Wow
": Donald Trump will be our next President of the United States."
": TO ALL MY CALIFORNIA TRUMP SUPPORTERS! Lets join up and work together on Twitter! Lets do this!!! !"
": Gentle Ben is no match for Putin or if the truth be told even for Hilary. USA needs a winner."
Do you think I will get credit for keeping Ford in U.S. Who cares, my supporters know the truth. Think what can be done as president!
Word is that Ford Motor, because of my constant badgering at packed events, is going to cancel their deal to go to Mexico and stay in U.S.
": Wow, imagine what hell do as President. Thanks " FORD LISTENED TO ME, GREAT!
": Latest Poll shows Donald Trump winning % of Electoral Vote Against Hillary Clinton! "
": Bad position for Jeb, if his Mommy, Daddy and brother get involved the skeletons come back out of the closet
": WAY ahead in all the polls that matter. TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT"
": OMG! Carson is more LOW KEY than Jeb!! Tried to watch him, but fell asleep! !"
": We R here FIGHTING for you DJT! You are the only person who can "
": Mitt Romney finally takes the credit he deserves_ for . "
": this Mexican here loves you man!! Keep doing your thing " Great!
": TRUMP is Unstoppable __ __ __ __" Thank you.
": needs to drop out your, hurting the republican cause . is our choice"
": Florida Loves Trump !!! We had a ball in Jacksonville Saturday! ______"
. Great numbers from Poll. Also from ABC-Washington Post Poll. Thank you!
Do you believe that is still playing up the old Iowa poll numbers and no mention of the ABCWashington Post or just out CBS results?
. Poll - WOW! New Hampshire TRUMP % CARSON % BUSH % South Carolina TRUMP % CARSON % CRUZ % Iowa TRUMP % CARSON %
Watch my interview on Face The Nation now and, also, the new CBS POLLS which, if good for me, the media wont report!
": Carson is not a nice guy. He knows his SuperPAC throws Mud on Trump /7 "
": . rightly denounces Super PAC-driven campaign $ system. Another example of how DC deserves this guy" Great!
": Trump is the smartest of all. My comment is non partisan. I heard everybody n im on Trump side."
": Your a gentlemen Ben but not our next President, "
Big poll comes out today on Face The Nation at :30 on .
Watch at :00 A.M. . Then interviewed on at :00 A.M. and then, at :30 A.M., watch Face The Nation.
Ben Carson has never created a job in his life (well, maybe a nurse). I have created tens of thousands of jobs, its what I do.
I spell out some of the differences between Ben Carson and myself at :00 A.M. on . Ben is very weak on illegal immigration.
A big POLL will be announced this morning on Face The Nation. I wonder if I do well if the press will report the results? Doubt it
": AUSTRALIA SUPPORTS DONALD TRUMP. Please immigrate to Australia and make Aussie great as well." Cute!
": Reasons Why It Should Be Donald Trump in " Wow, so nice!
This is just not the right time for Jeb Bush. His campaign is in total disarray, too much staff being paid way too much money = U.S. GOVT.
": Doug Ross Journal: AWESOME: Donald Trump Blessed by Black, White Pastors and Rabbis via
I will be doing a major sit down interview on State of the Union With Jake Tapper at :00 A.M. on . Enjoy!
": Can ANY Democrat or Republican fix this country except Trump? NOT A CHANCE!! "
": Trump has figured out Jeb Bushs greatest weakness as a candidate, and its not his energy level "
": Trumpachusetts: Donald Trump Tops Poll of Bay State Voters: AC360" Thanks, great news
": Donald Trump is the only person that can make this country great again " I fully agree!
": They ALL Want Jobs and a Bright Future. They KNOW Donald Trump is the one and only choice to make that A REALITY!
": Donald Trump Leads in Expectations, Shows Strength on Attributes (POLL) - ABC News - via "
":Bush has no money, hes meeting today with mommy and daddy, and theyre working on his campaign." "
While Jeb Bush is cutting staff and salaries, after having paid ridiculous amounts of money, why did he pay so much in the first place?
": Reasons Why It Should Be Donald Trump in via " A.J., thank you, soooo nice!
": Democrats seem to be more interested in Donald Trump than Hillary Clinton.
": TRUMP: JEB BUSH HAS NO MONEY, HES MEETING WITH MOMMY AND DADDY- CANT RUN HIS OWN CAMPAIGN "
. is slashing campaign salaries, people making millions. If he cant manage his campaign, how can he manage our countries finances?
. had a tiny person crowd at Senator Tim Scotts forum. I had thousands, and they had real passion!
. is totally lost -- he spends too much time managing the bloated staff of his campaign &amp; not enough talking about Americas future.
Expecting a great crowd of amazing people. Questions will be live!
I will be doing the live from New Hampshire at am on Monday morning.
Will be doing a sit down interview with on Sunday morning at :00. Tough questions and hopefully very good answers!
Just finished speaking in Jacksonville, Florida. Incredible crowd, fantastic people. Thank you!
Saying goodbye to some of my great workers at in Miami.
Leaving for Jacksonville now. See you there! Miami was great.
Massive crowds already forming in Jacksonville - will be and incredible day - noon! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
": Donald Trump to host "Saturday Night Live" "
": YouGov National Poll Donald Trump Continues To Dominate Field With All Demographics. The Last Refuge
": A surprising number of Republicans think Donald Trump is their best hope in "
": Hillary Clinton is a deceitful career politician, Donald Trump is a no-nonsense billionaire businesses man...pick one.."
": Never thought Id Say_Donald Trump is a Giant Among Gop front runners_ cruzevil rubio=RAGE AGAINST WOMEN carson=JUST TELL ME WHY
": Donald Trump Hands Fox News Sunday Its Biggest In Years "
Crowd was amazing tonight at Trump National Doral in Miami. Love and excitement in the ballroom. Tomorrow at noon in Jacksonville!
So nice of --- greatly appreciated!
Remember, official campaign merchandise (hats, apparel etc.) can only be bought at . Be careful, dont get ripped-off
": Cant wait for you to take the White House. Our country will once again be strong! _ Sorry JebBush, but you got no chance!"
": Trump blows them all away! Hes our next president! "
": Donald Trump Hands Fox News Sunday Its Biggest In Years " Great!
": For Donald Trump, South Florida makes it rain dollars, that is " Very nice
" Thanks for standing for Vets Take care of those that give so much"
The young intern who accidentally did a Retweet apologizes.
Joe, thanks for not running!
" Hillary is doing a HORRIBLE job at reading from the script. . She is no leader"
, who interviewed me on Sunday, had his highest ratings since Feb of . Congratulations!
"Trump Nears days on Top" via The Hill
": people are for you keep up the good work and we will win this and "
": WOW! The More Opponents Push The Higher The Reach! Keep Pushing DEMS And Jealous GOPs! "
Can u believe that Jeb Bushs campaign manager is in Berlin, Germany looking for money? Whats he giving to Germany?
" I can promise you the only reason I watched the democrats debate is because of "
: is hosting Saturday Night Live on November th! Thats the best news Ive heard all day the dude is a fre_
: We dont want your damn puppets ! Our new leader is ! h_
: Veterans should always come before Illegals. Always.
I think Joe Biden made correct decision for him &amp; his family. Personally, I would rather run against Hillary because her record is so bad.
The great workers who just completed the skylight at Trump International Hotel, D.C. (Old Post Office)
: A New Poll shows . will most likely win the GOP Nomination. !
. was just voted the hotel in Canada in Conde Nast Travelers prestigious Readers Choice Awards
: New poll shows with a commanding lead - points above his closest competition
: New poll finds "lean Republicans" think most likely to be GOP nominee and has best cha_
New poll by ABC News/Washington Post TRUMP CARSON RUBIO BUSH Wow, how will the media put a negative spin on this one?
": Rasmussen: now beats %-36% nationally "
I will be interviewed on Good Morning America at :00 A.M. will be announcing new poll numbers. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Just out: Boston Herald/Franklin Pierce Poll N.H. TRUMP (up ) CARSON BUSH RUBIO CRUZ Press will say they are surging!
. at :00 A.M.
": Never been so excited about voting for a candidate since I voted for Reagan"
": Donald Trump still dominating all polls, debate, cable news, gossip...everything. The GOP nomination is his, he rarely loses!
": You were so much better than Jeb on Hannity. So Great and presidential. Im happy this was discussed."
": I have never loved a candidate as much as I love , I cant wait for him to make America great again!" Nice!
": well said. We the people want the truth. We the people want to make America great again."
": There you go! Everyone loves Donald Trump bcuz hes the real thing, not a politician"
": first time I can ever vote and youve got mine! I want to make America great again!!!" FANTASTIC!
": We are looking forward to meeting you at your rally in Burlington, Iowa tomorrow! " See you there!
": The establishment can try all they want to keep from winning. They are not stronger than we the people!!"
": Donald keep fighting - you are the only hope for America!
": Your opponents have no idea what theyre dealing with. Sun Tzu would be very proud. You are a tactical genius. "
. you were GREAT on tonight. Thank you for the nice words!
I will be interviewed on Good Morning America tomorrow at :00 A.M. Big new ABC poll coming out - I hope I do well!
": Trump is the only candidate that Ive ever been excited about "
": Now they are All saying Donald really Could Be President! I Knew This from Start! We ALL must work together!"
. at :00.
": Our new President will provide something weve never had before. even if it hurts. "
": hits his highest poll number yet; , make small gains
": Trumps new VA plan will solidify Vets. Support of Trump" I love the VETS.
. Had my best day ever in the polls, one had me at % - Morning Consult. Boston Globe, Monmouth, NBC and CNN all great. More!
I will be interviewed on tonight at :00. You will find it very interesting (I hope). Enjoy!
": no magic just cut off USA aid money to Mex until cost is recovered.Simple really
Both Aberdeen and Turnberry in Scotland, and the soon to open Doonbeg in Ireland, blow Bandon Dunes away. Bandon is a toy by comparison!
"Donald Trump tops Franklin-Pierce/Herald poll at percent in N.H."
Lots of great new polls--big leads!
I will be on tonight at PM .
Bill Clinton wants to
": Many Hispanics agree with on enforcing the border Trump for President "
": Since late July , DJT consistently been the front-runner in public opinion polls for the Republican Party nomination.
": Had to join Twitter for the first time just to support Donald . TRUMP " Great!
": I think America had enough of the faking and is ready for someone REAL just look at .
": Great job you slayed Mr. Sanchez with the thx defending "
Tonights official count--7,943. An all time record for the Anderson Civic Center in SC! Thanks!
See, the attack very possibly could have been stopped. We need real leadership and vision.
Via : "Under Fire From Donald Trump, Jeb Bush Focuses On /11 Even Though Hijackers Got Florida Licenses"
Interesting reading re September th
NEW POLL: Trump Blue Collar Support highest since FDR in s--WOW!
Bruce Willis wearing my hat on last Friday-
Jeb is fighting to defend a catastrophic event. I am fighting to make sure it doesnt happen again.Jeb is too soft-we need tougher &amp; sharper
Its really cold outside, they are calling it a major freeze, weeks ahead of normal. Man, we could use a big fat dose of global warming!
": Our passion for is amazing! "
": HISPANICS UNITED TO MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN "
": why would I watch ANYONE who trusted THIS GUY with nuclear codes? "
": Hey --&gt; FLASHBACK: Jeb Bush Admitted Leaky Immigration Led to /11 " WOW!
": We finally have a voice with ! "
": i dont care if she jumps on the train .be gr8 if she were just FAIR and BALANCED"
": Link of the day! Most popular link among people I follow is by "
": The problem is was a weak establishment candidate who couldnt even turn out the base. Weak at best!"
": why does Fox even talk to Will? He is clueless and doesnt represent what our party is about."
": Been boycotting her since st debate Mr. Trump and so have plenty of other decent people. Ratings R going down_
": George is full of Crap SC Element TVs Are CHINESE MADE. WHAT A LIAR!!"
": Good interview with Chris! Chris even gave you a thumbs up for POTUS"
": The Definition of a Pretentious Establishment Henchman is . He is such a sourpuss, HATES
Best thing my supporters can do if you dont like the way and her puppets unfairly treat "us" is dont watch her show!
": So far this is one of the BEST interviews with Trump.!!"
": Im watching it again right now in California"
": Cant wait for to jump on the TRUMP Train as Chris Wallace just did!" Wont happen!
": We want Donald !! Yah next president! " We will all MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
": Great interview!" Thanks
": A must see. Trump is brilliant. as usual !!!! "
": Pampered who never had a real job has no problem w/USA losin jobs foreign countries "
": It was Excellent interview sir. May watch it again. Trump "
": Sir. Chris Wallace believes that you can be elected president.Great Great news for America! "
": THANK YOU for speaking out against Common Core and how horrible it is for kids!"
": Again SNL (10/17) exposes CarlyFiorina as failed CEO, an unwanted Senatorial candidate, &amp; GOD forbid next Prez "
": So far this is one of the BEST interviews with Trump.!!" Thank you.
": we were attacked on ur brothers watch. Thats not safe. I have respect GW but truth is no WMD in Iraq &amp;
": The TVs made in SC are Element Electronics Come on guys. is right "
": is correct u cant allow woman fain luv of house get more $$$ holding up huge of jobs."
": . Chris this is awesome what an interview. Go donald"
Fox News Sunday With Chris Wallace will be re-broadcast on at :00 P.M.
": I believe can make AMERICA GREAT again " Thank you!
": Jeb is no conservative in my book. Common core is a disaster."
": Quit Jeb Quit. Your poll is even lower than your apprentice Rubio. "
": jebbush marcorubio: How could those two think they can compete with you. You are a legend.
": Cant Stump the Trump"
": Donald Trump is the only candidate for middle class America "
": GW Bush was open borders like . TERRORISTS CAN COME ACROSS MEXICAN BORDER AT WILL!"
": An Incredibly Strong Interview Of , Good Response IC Those NaySayers dissapating!"
": Couldnt have said it, better... Nothing "fake" about you, sir."
": Dude, s tactics are just on a level weve never seen before. "
": Read this DJT full-p ad from and tell me DonaldTrump is a Johnny-Come-Lately "fake" conservative:
":Hes right. Trump on /11 happening on Bushs watch: With my immigration policy, I doubt those ppl wld have been in the country
Just reported by CNN that "the Trump halo effect" caused a record-shattering Democratic Debate rating of million viewers. So true!
Its amazing that some of the dumbest people on television work for the Wall Street Journal, in particular a real dope named Charles Lane!
": LOVED the brutal zinger against the Wall Street Journal!!!"
": LOVED the brutal zinger against the Wall Street journal!!!"
I will be interviewed by Chris Wallace at :00 P.M. on - Turn off the football for minutes, Make America Great Again!
Replay of Fox News Sunday With Chris Wallace at :00 P.M. on . Big statement made by Chris!
": I dont think will cave. Theyve seen ratings soar with and Money matters!"
": Trump wins, hands down: Jeb is weak, Rubio is broke."
": Get a life George Will. USA doesnt make anything anymore. TRUMP will bring manufacturing Back to USA!"
I should release the sad and totally apologetic letter that Penn hand delivered to me. Minds would be changed very fast!
":I never thought Id say this but sparking a critical conversation on reality that Bush didnt keep US safe
": One of the best interviews I have seen!"
": Joe have U resigned to the inevitable? Take UR seat on the
": Chris Wallace: "After my interview and listening to his answers, I think Donald Trump could be President
": Of course theyre going up! Trump is going to WIN this!! " Thanks.
": is what we need to fix this mess! Im only but my parents are voting for Trump!"
": just admitted DonaldTrump will probably be the Republican nominee!
Does everyone remember and his famous remarks about "self-deportation" and "47%". He was done. I dont need his angry advice!
. and his campaign manager should not be critical of candidates after they blew an election that should never have been lost!
. can only speak negatively about my presidential chances because I have been openly hard on his terrible "choke" loss to Obama!
": Loving interview. " Thank you.
.
Jeb, why did your brother attack and destabalize the Middle East by attacking Iraq when there were no weapons of mass destruction? Bad info?
This morning Chris Wallace has the best political show on television - but thats only because Im on it (kidding)! Have fun.
Jeb Bush should stop trying to defend his brother and focus on his own shortcomings and how to fix them. Also, Rubio is hitting him hard!
On at :00A.M. or :00 A.M. (depending on your location) on Fox is a tough but really good interview with Chris Wallace. Enjoy!
": Donald Trump is so far ahead in two key state polls. " Thanks Clayton
Amazing! Thank you! ://
": Some of you already know. I have made the Jump to Trump. Donald Trump is the man that will win the GOP."
": I was with you in Tyngsboro, Ma. last night! You WILL be our next President!!!" What a fantastic evening!
": Jeb and Marco OWE IT to their contributors to admit they have NO CHANCE of winning, and figure out how to PAY BACK everyone"
": At happy hour tonight in Charleston, SC, everyone at the bar said they were supporting Donald Trump. Thanks!
Good news for those that want to Make America Great Again - I am winning every poll in every STATE and NATIONAL - and by big numbers! Thanks
": Jeb supports open borders-common core- Visa H-IB Visas for illegals. Super PAC Saudis.
I will be interviewed on Fox News Sunday With Chris Wallace at :00 A.M. or :00 A.M. (depending on location). Will be tough but good!
": NYPost "gets it", you talk like a New Yorker. My Dad is a Democrat Long-Islander, he "gets it" too, and youve got his vote"
A great story in the New York Post ---really well written!
Russia and the world has already started to respect us again!
Via Business Insider: Donald Trumps Poll Dominance in Key States is Mind-Blowing-
Via CNET: Donald Trump Bests Jeb Bush in Website Performance, Experts Say-
. is on the front page of the waving to people in New Hampshire. My crowd next door was people no pic!
Thank you for your very honest commentary. One thing, we do have great teams in IA, NH, SC and beyond.
., you did a fantastic job tonight on . Thank you for your very tough and very smart representation!
": Thank You Police Force for your efforts of Protecting Donald Trump We Love You For This, God Bless You!!!"
., like it or not, our country needs more energy and spirit than you can provide!
No , youre pathetic for saying nothing happened during your brothers term when the World Trade Center was attacked and came down.
": Ive never seen a candidate as dominant in early states as
.,At the debate you said your brother kept us safe- I wanted to be nice &amp; did not mention the WTC came down during his watch, /11.
In Massachusetts --- the place is packed!
Heading to Boston to see another huge crowd! My friend Tom Brady is a great competitor and golf partner.
Rumor has it that the grubby head of failing Magazine, "Sloppy" Graydon Carter, is going to be fired or replaced very soon?
A great new poll-33%!
Nice story from
. Keep up the great work Scottie. Polls are best ever!
": Hahahahahahaha...love it! Choo choo...all aboard! "
": You GOPe supporters wrong again on Trump, give it up. Get on the Trump train. GREAT NEWS
": Totally agree! Great Father with a great family - winning combination at life."Thanks
": Well, is an establishment hack big government RINO whose only hope is - Thats sad, eh!?"
": the truth prevails when it is so obvious. is a force that is unstoppable"
": Matt will vote for Trump i just know he will !"
": Grt interview, Im telling ya, children r going b a HUGE asset him &amp; his campaign
. was FANTASTIC on this morning. He may be my son but he is a special guy!
. has just agreed that the debate will be TWO HOURS. Fantastic news for all, especially the millions of people who will be watching!
": Karl Rove still thinks Romney won. Why is he still on TV?"
": Did you also hear Megyn say "Carson is the front-runner ...according so some polls ..tied in other polls" OUTRIGHT LIE!" Hatred!
": Donald, Megyn Kelly seeks ratings, not truth Not much of a journalist. Stay focused &amp; make your own narrative. Its working"
Every poll, Time, Drudge, Slate and others, said I won both debates - but heard Megyn Kelly had her two puppets say bad stuff. I dont watch
. is a failed Bush speechwriter whose work was so bad that he has never been able to make a comeback. A third rate talent!
": Such a played out segment as well, cant stand to watch her anymore. The bobbing head drives me nuts... "
Megyn Kelly has two really dumb puppets, Chris Stirewalt &amp; Marc Threaten (a Bushy) who do exactly what she says. All polls say I won debates
": : is what we millennials need. I used to support that socialist from VT, what a mistake."
": is in the tank for Bush we are tired of the establishment"
": Has lived the American dream and has inspired MILLIONS! He will for ALL of us.
": .Met a few years back. DonaldTrump is wise to enlist his daughters help. Shes a throughly impressive person."
Will be on tomorrow with . Enjoy!
Why is the being asked to do a debate that is so much longer than the just-aired and very boring ?
. is pushing the around by asking for extra time (and no criteria) in order to sell more commercials.
The should not agree to the ridiculous debate terms that is asking unless there is a major benefit to the party.
. joined &amp; was asked about his thoughts on Thanks Kevin--so nice!
A great day in New Jersey for Trump! &amp;
Signing my tax return....
Im very proud of my daughter Ivanka. Great interview.
Incredible crowd in Richmond, Virginia tonight! So much spirit and energy!
": with another great speech today with another huge crowd!!!!! We love you Trump!!!!
Just did . Will be back on at pm on .
": is "in it to win it"."
": I swear, Donald is getting better, bolder, brasher, and more kick ass with every event/intvw he does! HE WILL WIN!
": RT : .: I have thousands of Hispanics working for me &amp; they like me very much. "
: Tonight on The Factor: Trump weighs in on last nights Democratic debate -- Video preview: https_
CNN Poll just out on South Carolina great
. did an excellent job of hosting the last night. Tough, firm, but fair.
CNN/ORC Poll results just out for NevadaWOW! Trump , Carson , Fiorina , Bush , Cruz
Steven Tyler got more publicity on his song request than hes gotten in ten years. Good for him!
Even though I have the legal right to use Steven Tylers song, he asked me not to. Have better one to take its place!
Will be going to Richmond, Virginia today. Big crowd! See you there.
The debate last night proved that Hillary is running against the B team. She wont be so lucky when it comes to me!
We need a strong leader- and fast!
was really boring but had a lot of fun live tweeting and picked up by far the most followers.
Like her or not, Hillary did what she had to do in the debate last nightget through it. Her opponents were very gentle and soft!
The latest book on HillaryWow, a really tough one!
": Dem debate message summary = More free handouts. They will be voting in droves. We need to get out and vote Trump BIG TIME!"
": Thank goodness is over. Not impressed... TRUMP2016!!! "
": sucess of Mr Trump is another success of america "
": I cannot wait to see you debate these clowns "
": they make Jeb Bush look like the energizer bunny "
Check out OAN and compare to what you are watching now!
": people watching tonight for real change. THAT WOULD BE TRUMP . Checking out the clown competition
": OMalley destroyed Maryland.. True, he was a disaster.
": watching OAN great speech calling out super pacs and media in Norcross, GA"
Wow, I am giving a speech on OAN. Much more exciting than debate!
": Thank you for ALWAYS REMEMBERING Americas veterans!"
": exactly! is a joke. Trump2016!"
": These make look like Winston Churchill " Cute!
": his commentary is making an otherwise shitty night outstanding" Thanks.
": After poor performance, waffling in debates, should support "
Notice that illegal immigrants will be given ObamaCare and free college tuition but nothing has been mentioned about our VETERANS
Sanders said only black lives matter - wow! Hillary did not answer question!
": I cant wait for to debate one of these clowns! All are so weak!
": The only winner of the is ." This is not a great debate - a little sad!
": isnt on the stage, turning this garbage off
": How amazing is it that the trending topic is talking about the -more than the debate itself
": Why did Hillary get to skate past the "Do Black Lives Matter" Anderson let her off hook!
": I want a president who believes all lives matter and that is why we need ."
Sorry, there is no STAR on the stage tonight!
Good move by Bernie S.
The hardest thing Clinton has to do is defend her bad decision making including Iraq vote, e-mails etc.
All are very scripted and rehearsed, two (at least) should not be on the stage.
": I couldnt even imagine the bloodbath that would ensue if the debated any one of these five jabronis"
": Yada yada...Its a bore fest... Best part of this is Trumps tweets! " Thanks.
": I joined Twitter tonight just to hear Mr.Trump tweet about this silly debate.
": Webb is trying to be and its not working." He is not doing well!
": This is one of the most dysfunctional debates Ive seen in my lifetime. "
": I love that NO group can buy "
Who is winning the debate so far (just last name)?
": we need Donald Trump to make America great again !!!" Thanks!
": I cannot stop yawning...Twitter is more interesting. "
": Support the NRA more then ever, needs to back who wants to protect nd amendment!
": not watching debate....just your tweets" Nice!
": why is Webb there??"
": Joined twitter tonight JUST to follow along with and . Lets make America great again! "
": Sure you are laughing listening to these try and explain how business and the economy works. Scary!
": I think and are supposed to be on this stage"
": On our th anniversary my husband and I are happily staying in to watch and read comments.
": . These cats are like bad used car salesmen."
": Why do we have to be tortured by watching these clowns! Have the election tomorrow! "
": if you got rid of commercials you would have nothing worth watching"
": I miss "
OMalley, as former Mayor of Baltimore, has very little chance.
Can anyone imagine Chafee as president? No way.
": Make America Great Again!! Would not even watch Dem debate except Donald is tweeting about it!
": . was right... is boring ___ these ppl are so scripted" So far!
The trade deal is a disaster, she was always for it!
": imagine Chafey standing up to Putin"
": Webb is OUT!!" Bad opening!
": Good luck commenting on this snooze fest, Im out."
": ,If I have the on CNN, but pay attention more to my phone, does it still count as me watching it?
Get rid of all of these commercials.
Putin is not feeling too nervous or scared.
": Im watching now and will watch the entire debate while reading Trumps Tweets. Grab the popcorn"
": where are you? Im already getting bored and it hasnt even started "
": My tv is off, twitter is up, waiting for the real show, starring "
": The interview tomorrow on will have better ratings than the
We will all have fun and hopefully learn something tonight. I will shoot straight and call it as I see it, both the good and the bad. Enjoy!
": We need Trump Now!!!" Make America Great Again!
": following Donald is beautiful. If its not beautiful its not Donald" So nice!
": they need to take the debate slow, a lot of low energy on the stage tonight." I hope not!
": The Hillary love fest on CNN is ridiculous. I feel bad for the other candidates...especially the non-criminal ones."
": Id rather see be the debate moderator!"
Should be interesting but too bad the three guys at_1% will be taking up so much time - but who knows, maybe a star will be born (unlikely)
": Will be tough as they were with ? No way, they will want to be soooo nice!
": . will be live-tweeting the via "
": cant wait for his insightful &amp; intelligent tweets." You sound like a very smart person!
" If wins Barry Diller will move out of country. Sounds like a win, win."
: CNN should invite to debate-if they can invite a Socialist / Sanders to Dem debate, why not a Rep?
Live from New York- November th!
It was just announced that I will be hosting Saturday Night Live on Nov. th -- look forward to it!
"Exclusive--Davi: Trump, The Lion We Need"
How can Jeb Bush expect to deal with China, Russia + Iran if he gets caught doing a plant during my speech yesterday in NH?
So nice, thank you very much.
: This oughta be good! to live-tweet CNNs Democratic Debate tonight:
Everybodys talking about my doing twitter during the likely very boring debate tonight.
: . is going to give CNN debate reporting some competition?
Very honored: "Trump Is Tops As Clinton Drops In Connecticut Primaries, Quinnipiac University Poll Finds"
" I cant wait for live tweets during Dem debate tonight. Wont watch debate but will watch Trumps Twitter"
": cant wait for his insightful &amp; intelligent tweets." Will be so much better than CNN!
": Will be tough as they were with ? Not sure.." No way, they will be very gentle!
The arrogant young woman who questioned me in such a nasty fashion at No Labels yesterday was a Jeb staffer! HOW CAN HE BEAT RUSSIA &amp; CHINA?
Sheldon Adelson is looking to give big dollars to Rubio because he feels he can mold him into his perfect little puppet. I agree!
": Surely you read reports that woman at no labels event was a pol. operative?"
": That feminist who called out Trump last night? Shes a Jeb intern. " Jeb always gets caught, sad!
": Get the popcorn, Donald Trump plans to live-tweet the . "
": Dan Rather: Donald Trump Could Be Our Next President " I agree - thanks Dan!
Someone should inform that, despite spending millions of $s on graphics, it is not the Democratic Debate, rather the Democrat (s) D!
At the request of many, and even though I expect it to be a very boring two hours, I will be covering the Democrat Debate live on twitter!
": Sorry link above not working. Heres good link " and Jeb - apologize!
": California Gov. Jerry Brown signs bill allowing illegals right to VOTE using drivers lic.ID.
": . Sickening attempt. I hope . jumps another points. "
": "You Cant Stump the Trump" "
": You are looking &amp; sounding more Presidential everyday. The country is ready for you to
": Syrian Muslims escorted into U.S. through Mexico. Now arriving to Oklahoma and Kansas! Congress?"
": Great Fox interview"
": time we had a businessman in the WH,who can bring back jobs to America and restore the middle class
": Another great interview. You were point on .... As good as it gets!" Thanks!
": That young girl asking if shell have control over her own body looked like she was planted there!
": Looking forward to a great interview with a great interviewee and a great interviewer!
Will be interviewed by on at PM tonight. Enjoy!
Thank you.
Via RealClear Politics
" doing a great job in New Hampshire today ! "
Leaving soon after a great time in New Hampshire, a truly special place!
Great, everyone is saying I did much better on last week than President Obama did tonight. I agree!
President Obama was terrible on tonight. He said CLIMATE CHANGE is the most important thing, not all of the current disasters!
": . praises "good guy" Trump and his "upstanding" and "grounded" kids
": . was calling out Paul Ryan for his entitlement plans back in " So true!
": Tuesdays Democratic debate is missing just one thing: Donald Trump." True, can you think of anyone who wants to watch?
I will be on Face The Nation (CBS) today at :30 A.M. and Media Buzz (Fox News) at :00 A.M. Enjoy!
": They used to call Barry Diller the father of "e-commerce"-what a joke that was - and that he is. %clueless on Internet"
Just got back from Georgia. The crowds and love for U.S. was so amazing! We all had a great day together - will be back soon!
Little Barry Diller, who lost a fortune on Newsweek and Daily Beast, only writes badly about me. He is a sad and pathetic figure. Lives lie!
Via Breitbart - "Riding High in Polls Donald Trump Storms the American South to Overflow Crowds in Georgia"
With the fantastic ratings last weekend, &amp; , I think its only fair that I go on w/ Chris Wallace.
Will be interviewed on with tomorrow at :30am EST. Enjoy!
My interview with on will air tomorrow on at am and pm. Great job Howie, very insightful.
. with had fantastic numbers last Sunday --- Trump interview. Nice!
Thank you Georgia! I had a great afternoon with all of you! I will be back soon.
. just informed us that my interview last week on was their highest rated show in years. Congrats!
Im leading big in every poll and we are going to WIN! Remember, Trump NEVER gives up!
Paul Ryan is far from my first choice, but a very nice guy. The Republicans should go for tough and (very) smart this time - no games!
": People are writing tribute songs for Donald Trump " Thanks to all of these great songwriters. Get rich!
": She represents how thousands of us feel. You have the BEST supporters BAR NONE!
": . biggest Hispanic fan: "Hes my perfect man" " A great woman!
": Go President Trump! Many Canadians up here are behind you... totally! "
": The next generation will be better off because Trump was in the Oval Office!"
": Please dont ever give up. This country is in such a mess and needs a non-politician to fix it. "
": Trump keep fighting the fight for America, we got your back. The future is looking bright. THE TRUMP REVOLUTION
": ATL LOVES TRUMP!!!" Thanks!
Heading for Atlanta tomorrow morning for noon speech at North Atlanta Trade Center. Big crowds, great people!
Will be interviewed on "Media Buzz" with Howie Kurtz on Fox, Sunday at :00 A.M.
Great Gravis Poll on the great state of NH. Also, watch on CBS &amp; -- both on Sunday.
Mark--They could use you.
Good luck to the US Mens National Team in tomorrows CONCACAF Cup vs. Mexico! It should be a great game!
New Gravis Poll in NH just out: Trump %, Carson %
Crowd gathers to hear Trump speech in Las Vegas
" Keep the faith. Elect and there will be no more sanctuary cities. and very few illegals."
" With this months -page book Crippled America, Trump has most specific policy agenda of any candidate.."
Thank you.
" MSM cut off intro of Trump in LV where we were told he just gave $20 million to St. Judes Charity _
" Im Hispanic &amp; has my vote! And a lot of other Hispanics here in the Borderland! "
" yeah, youre really wearing out your welcome. Whos dominating the polls? YOU!!! Go Trump!"
True. Thanks.
Thanks.
" Trump won the crowd yesterday curious to see how many are changing their registrations from Democrat to Republican??"
I will be going to Atlanta, Georgia tomorrowheres the info: . Hope to see you there! !
I will be interviewed on Sunday AM on CBS. is a true pro!
" the book to read is Time to get Tough making America great again." Thanks.
Thanks Larry. Best wishes.
Good luck! Enjoy.
" on "There is nothing Trump does that doesnt work for him."
" Thank you for taking on the Establishment.They dont know what to do, do they?"
" you were fantastic yesterday in Las Vegas - a great event. Passionate people. Keep it up! " Thx
Will be interviewed on at :20. Great crowd in Las Vegas yesterday!
I was so happy when I heard that , one of the most dishonest political outlets, is losing a fortune. Pure scum!
. ran into the ground. A change was necessary. Congratulations to and good luck in the future!
. is a total low life--- read his past tweets. A dummy with no it factor. Will fade fast.
A great event in Las Vegas, Nevada!
Just leaving Las Vegas. Unbelievable crowd! Many Hispanics who love me and I love them!
Thank you!
" rocks it everywhere he goes" Thanks.
Thanks.
Website Exposing Marco Amnesty Rubio Goes Live: A Donor Class Puppet? - Breitbart
The goal is to be the winner: Donald Trumps campaign is for real. Via The Guardian
"This Man Is the Most Dangerous Political Operative in America" via Bloomberg Politics
" Wow + in Line in Las Vegas For our Next President of these United States Mr !"
": we know this and thats why you will be our next President" Thank you.
": No one else brings the passion, conviction, experience that you have. Your message is resonating w America! Im excited."
": WHEN IS TRUMP COMING TO FLORIDA? CANT WAIT.GO TRUMP! . FL FOR TRUMP
": I havent missed a speech or interview. Love hearing you speak for ME! "
Washington (D.C.) is such a mess - nothing works! I will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Its not going to happen with anyone else.
": I would like to nominate for Speaker of the House" What a great idea, she is a total winner! (Nice)
Great, Kevin McCarthy drops out of SPEAKER race. We need a really smart and really tough person to take over this very important job!
Im at Trump Intl Hotel in Las Vegas, tallest/most beautiful building in town. Speaking to another great crowd at Treasure Island (12 noon)
What a time we all had in Iowa yesterday, massive overflow crowd. Love them!
Wow, great news! I hear of Red State was fired like a dog. If you read his tweets, youll understand why. Just doesnt have IT!
I hear is in big trouble. Unlike me, his viewers &amp; ratings are way down &amp; he has become irrelevantglad I didnt do his show.
Wacky who always seems to be crying (worse than Boehner) speaks badly of me only because I refuse to do his show--a real nut job!
": YES!!!!!!!!!! AMERICA NEEDS FOR PRESIDENT!!! CANT WAIT FOR AMERICA TO BE GREAT AGAIN!!!!"
": This is the size crowd you get when people care what you say -Trump in Oklahoma . Got even bigger "
": I truly believe you are the best " Thank you so much!
": Donald Trump, our next president of the United States! " Thank you.
": Pay him, just do the opposite and you will win in a landslide."
Just arrived in Las Vegas for a packed house speech tomorrow. Big poll results today, Leading big everywhere. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
": And hes still a consultant? For what?" Only a fool would pay Stuart for his advice.
": tired of FOX bashing Trump &amp; pushing GOP establish / Christie/Rubio/Bush"
": On the bright side Romneys loss gave us Donald Trump!" So true!
Iowa was amazing today. Great crowd, great people. Thanks, will be back soon!
. made some of the dumbest political decisions of all time in helping Romney to get destroyed by Obama. Should have won!
Just found out I won the Rockingham County Republican Booth Straw Poll at the Deerfield Fair in New Hampshire this past weekend. % ---Wow!
: . is leading in new Quinnipiac poll
. has no power, but so dishonest!
I wonder why somebody doesnt do something about the clowns and their totally dishonest reporting.
Heading to a packed house in Waterloo, Iowa! Will celebrate todays great poll numbers together. See you soon!
If Stuart Stevens book is as bad as his horrible political advice to Mitt Romney, dont waste your money. Arrogant guy but a zero!
Ben Carson was speaking in general terms as to what he would do if confronted with a gunman, and was not criticizing the victims. Not fair!
": Dont worry. Trump will put it back when he is Pres !"
": NEW- /6/15 REUTERS IPSOS POLL DONALD TRUMP CONTINUES TO DOMINATE! OVER %!! "
": The ONLY hope for America to break from the single Party Establishment is to Vote for "
": we need a Real LEADER to LEAD. Lets make America great again! VOTE TRUMP "
": Trump is talking about highways, huge building projects - not as Steve Hayes said - small fry."
": At least came to her senses "
": Just In! /6/15 Morning Poll Trump +18% Trump Carson Rubio Bush Fiorina "
": Your Doing GREAT!" Thanks.
": Why are you even on tv? U sound like nails on a chalkboard. Biased against Trump. So true!
": pundits love to take a snippet, out of context, from something DonaldTrump says, and then weave a blanket of bullshit around it
": What media fails to mention, offers solutions, even without details....separates him from others!
": DonaldTrump GOD voters are NOT getting tired of Trump! Hes winning over others too
": He did give tremendous praise for you this morning on . Keep it up!Make America Great Again!"
": TRUMP FOR "PRESIDENT" YOU HAVE MY VOTE." GREAT.
": Guess Barry Diller is afraid is about to upset the crony applecart. " An angry fool!
": see u Sat in GA !!" Great!
": hope you win it all . Time for a change !!"
": My Vote will B based on NOT Eminent DomainAmericans need Prioritize "
": was great! is jealous that Trump didnt mention him. Its because SH is so wrong!
": I enjoy every speech IN ITS ENTIRETY NOBODYs going tell me what our NEXT PRESIDENT says but HIM.
True!
I will be on with tonight at PM.
"Labor Unions Giving Serious Thought to Endorsing Trump" via Washington Examiner
Crooked has given up advertising in Iowa on meremember they wanted my million dollarsI said nototal frauds!
: says on that is impeccably honest, "tells it like it is" and would be a grea_
. Wayne, such a pleasant surprise--so nice. Thank you very much.
": . You have my vote"
": great interview Trump!"
": is fired up on !!! So are your supporters!! "
": Trump Shuts down Cuomo. "I am not getting out." I am going to win. Cuomo tries sleazy tricks . Epic Fail. Unprofessional."
": TRUMP EVEN SHARPER THAN LAST WEEK!!YOU ARE BEAUTIFUL..."
": Great job Mr Trump,,,Kept em on topic,, Got your message though."
": Great interview on "
": That was awesome, boss! "
": seriously Cuomo hates DonaldTrump he was a pathetic interviewer AS USUAL! Please dont go anywhere Mr Trump AMERICA NEEDS YOU"
": Pew poll: holds commanding lead "
": wow, did Trump kick ass with Cuomo! You are the man, Mr. Trump; certainly not the lamb chop, Rubio."
": My choice just finished a great interview on CNN. Pathetic questions from Cuomo but Trump cleared the air."
": Stop interrupting Trump..Please..He is CORRECT ON EVERYTHING.."
": Funny. The Donald living rent-free in lil Marcos head"
I will be interviewed on New Day at :03 A.M. Enjoy!
": Trump talked about this weeks ago as a possibility .... this is not Rubios idea"
Dont ever forget, we will, together, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
": . Mark Levin interview was great"
": Love fest for DonaldTrump on just now. Top talk radio audience in country. Great being on the show with Mark!
": media is confused they bash trump he rises in polls!"
": million MORE out of work because of this BAD DEAL.Will have over MILLION out of work. Nice going Obama"
": - dont let the media &amp; the elites push you out- Americans are with you!" Thanks, I wont!
": will "
": TRUTH .Just like Perry, Walker, Bush .. all yall who go after WILL FAIL _ "
": : You have the ability to lift the spirits of this country to be GREAT AGAIN!" Thanks, I will do it!
So, so, so important - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
": If Donald Trump puts his name on X, it will sell for times more than it would otherwise. Nice!
": "Were pleased to announce that Donald Trump has just accepted our invitation for a town hall." -" So true!
": HEADLINES: Donald Trump maintains huge lead on opponents as polls go "
": Donald Trump will be on my show tonight at :30 PM eastern time." Will be my great honor, so much to talk about!
Political strategist Stuart Stevens,who led Romney down the tubes in what should have been an easy victory,has terrible political instincts!
Thoughts and prayers for those in the floods affecting the great people of South Carolina.
The incompetence of our current administration is beyond comprehension. TPP is a terrible deal.
For all of my fantastic supporters, and for the U.S.A., we are going to win and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, maybe greater than ever before!
": I cannot believe the increase in illegals here in San Antonio Texas. We are the minority constantly discriminated against
Im leading by big margins in every poll but the press keeps asking, would you ever get out? They are just troublemakers, Im going to win!
": When are you coming to ?" Very soon!
": DonaldTrump is right. And sadly Christians were treated better under Hussein &amp; Gaddafi than ISIS.
": Clinton may go to jail but is still running for president? % of people would be in jail for what she did
": You said it best! "
": WATCH Fires Up the Crowd in Franklin, Tennessee via "
": Hollywood doesnt get to pick our presidents we the people do!! GO TRUMP!__"
Will be interviewed by on at :30 A.M.
Will be interviewed by on at :00 A.M.
": ILLEGAL ALIENS FOUND GUILTY OF MURDERING BORDER PATROL AGENT
The people of Tennessee yesterday were amazing. Thank you!
": RT ": i cant wait to cast my vote for Donald J TRUMP_ "
": RT Will be interviewed on at :30. "
": ends speech in Franklin, Tennessee w/ Thank You I Love You All!! We love you
": i cant wait to cast my vote for Donald J TRUMP in MAY and NOVEMBER" Thanks.
": This morning on - sit down with in his NYC Campaign HQ
": Okay okay was right: LaGuardia Airport is a total dump. Like really, really bad."
": Great Job Donald!!! Cant waite for you to be President and neither can America!!"
": "
Will be interviewed on at :30.
": FYI appeal grows!"
": Watched the roast of You took those jokes like a champ, what a good sport! Im voting for you now" Great.
": I am Hispanic and will vote for "
": Thank you for the great this week!!!"
": Please dont roll over . You are this countrys last hope and our kids need you. Dont lose this deal !"
": The more the Progressives &amp; RINOs poke at the DonaldTrump the stronger he gets and more REAL PEOPLE like him!"
": . plays a way better fake than a real plays herself "
": If becomes we will finally have a Hall of Famer as President."
": Its funny how they say doesnt give specifics but hes the only one who put out more than policies.
": I think I just heard ratings go up another % "
Tune in to see me on with at am ET. Enjoy!
I will be on with tomorrow morning at :30am ET on . Enjoy!
Just leaving Nashville, Tennessee. Had a great time with a fabulous crowd of people! Love Nashville -- back soon!
Rubio was very disloyal to Bush, his mentor, when he decided to run against him. Both said they "love" each other.They dont - word is hate!
Bush and Rubio are finally attacking each other, as I knew they would, in order to be the last "establishment" man standing against me.Great
": I like gutsy brave guys like , I hate all those bloody hypocrites " Thank you.
": Cant wait for to be the next pres. "
Thank you for the nice things you said about Melania. You will like her, great heart and smart - always wanting to help people!
": Overwhelming wins by in primaries will prove what will happen (landslide) in the general election.
": Going to see tomorrow in franklin TN "
": DonaldTrump your kicking everyones ASS! always believed in this Country ! your going to make America Great Again ! Mr President!
": great numbers " Thanks.
": Melania is a beautiful woman who conducts her self with Class and Dignity "
": Itd be humorous to cull tweets from "experts" over past few mos who have predicted Trumps immediate collapse"
": Trumps big lead in a new poll and whether Jebs "stuff happens" was taken out of context with tonight" Thanks H!
": Jeb you are falling in polls because conservatives feel that you cannot "
": You will be the next president of the USA!! Thank you Mr Trump. Sincerely the middle class!!"
": Megan Kelly admitted Trump was leading by a lot!! That talk with Ailes must have worked... Time to get tough. TRUMP "
": RT ": Polling Convergence - OAN/GRAVIS and Reuters_ "
": Dont slow down the Trump storm... American needs leadership not a Paper President like Obama. Dont leave us with Jeb!"
": Polling Convergence - OAN/GRAVIS and Reuters Show Donald Trump Surging With - % Support... via
": P. Diddy is a fan of Donald Trump: "
": Donald Trump Leads by Points in Pew Poll Jeb Bush in Free Fall "
Pictures of my beautiful mother, amazing father, and family hanging in upstate, New York.
Congratulations to my brother Robert &amp; Ann Marie on the success of in Dutchess County, New York (Amenia.) Great food!
": Pastor Robert Jeffres accurately gushes about Donald Trump " Pastor Jeffres is a great guy!
": Why Buffalo Bills could be responsible for Donald Trump becoming president " Team has a great owner!
": Virginians stand with you sir! "
Will be in Nashville, Tennessee, tomorrow (Saturday) at :30 P.M. So much to talk about - see you there!
I was so looking forward to being in Virginia Beach, Virginia, today. The demand for tickets was amazing. Good luck with storm, back soon!
": we love trump"
": I enjoyed interview with on Need more interviews like that." Thanks.
": Mr Trump we are praying that you win the election! Obama is destroying the US!"
": The HUGE DonaldTrump faith-based story runs tomorrow (Friday) on . channel at am ET."
": GO TRUMP, OUR GUY"
My warmest condolences to the families of the horrible Roseburg, Oregon, shootings.
": IF ran more like and less like McCain, he wouldve won. Failed campaign tactics.
I will be interviewed on tonight at :00. Many things, mostly bad, to talk about!
": No body knows foreign policy any better than Trump. Vote "T"
": CNBCs John Harwood Today "We dont have Superman presidents" "No" DonaldTrump replied .."But we WILL if you have Trump!"
": The truth about Romney...he didnt want the presidency bad enough!" He choked!
": Like always you are telling the truth.I liked Romney and voted for him but he didnt fight hard enough." True!
": How can Illinois keep off the ballot? Illinois citizens should protest. Just another phony Politico story. Easy!
": its sad, but GOP does not want you as their candidate. But we the people do. Latinos for Trump."
. is trying to hit back at me because Im saying that he let the Repub Party down w/ his loss to Obama. Shouldve wonhe choked!
Thanks.
": was right. wont last. Even Paul knew it. Thats why hes still running for his Senate seat "
": Latest finds at percent approval, leading GOP in .
": Rand Paul put the nail in his coffin when he bashed Ted Cruz. Bye, bye Rand!"
": Its hard to get through corrupt media filter but Trump is doing it. Check out /30/15 intview "
Just got back from New Hampshire. Great crowd, great people! Will be back soon!
": is pulling away from the pack. I live in Iowa. Its real." Thank you!
": congratulations Don that was a great interview "
": . Great interview on "
": great interview with . Thank you.
": How can anyone vote for Hillary when she careless with emails that jeopardize our security. She is not to be trusted."
": Univision execs are hypocrites.They dish out the most discrimination. You should highlight that point."
": I just watched D Trumps interview on i get more impressed everytime i hear him speak! -Thanks
"Trumps Tax Plan: A Proposal Reagan Would Approve?" by Jeff Bell
I will be interviewed by tonight on at PM.
Interesting, polls on who won the GOP debate.
With , a great guy, at our people event in Oklahoma last week.
: . tax plan will be for women. Get on the !
Wow, so nice! Thank you Wayne Allyn Root.
Great news! Just out--the highly respected USA Today/Suffolk University Poll. Enjoy!
Anyone reading this profile of Marco Rubio would never vote for him. Never made ten cents &amp; is totally controlled!
Highly respected economist is a big fan of my tax planthank you Larry.
Rubio is totally owned by the lobbyists and special interests. A lightweight senator with the worst voting record in Senate. Lazy!
": who ever thinks Donald trump is a bad person u just dont want a good country" Thank you.
Just read that "Trump" has the largest (and I add most enthusiastic) crowds. Tonight I will be in New Hampshire - the place will be packed!
I watched lightweight Senator Marco Rubio, who is all talk and no action, defend his WEAK position on illegal immigration. Pathetic!
Great!
: . to : is the best candidate by far
Carl Icahn said this about me: "I think at this moment in time, hes the only candidate that speaks out about the countrys problems."
Definitely watch s Danger Ahead. Very insightful, particularly on how corp inversions hurt America:
I hope when Rand Paul gets out of the racehe is at %--his supporters come over to me. I will do a much better job for them.
Prediction: Rand Paul has been driven out of the race by my statements about him-- he will announce soon. %!
": MAN WITH A PLAN-THE BEST TAX PLAN! GO TRUMP !"
Do you believe this - Iran wants to trade our prisoners (not ) for prisoners held by the U.S. Should have been let go with last deal!
Wow, the ratings for last night were their biggest in a year--- very nice!
"The GOP Debate Scorecard: Donald Trump and Energy" by Wayne Allyn Root.
Zogby Poll: Trump Widens Lead After GOP Debate
Conservative? Jeb Bush doubled Florida State debt!
Will be doing with tonight at pm re: tax reductions and various other topics.
Thanks.
" First time in my life I wish I was an American citizen so I could vote for !!"
I know you will enjoy reading my tax plan-
LIVE on : Tax Plan Press Conference
Looking forward to press conference on taxes at AM at .
": notice how your twits about are the most RT! We the American ppl love and want !"
": watched mins first time ever. Love Trump hate Scotty"
": Thats exactly what I thought. We havent had great leader since Reagan&amp;now Trump"
": All Scott Pelley did by being disrespectful was make it easier to make up my mind who to vote for and that will be Trump."
": Havent seen that much hatred in an interviewer since the st debate. "
": When asked why he has his own magazine covers on his walls - replies: "Its cheaper than wall paper..." Ha!
": Trump went way up in my poll when he said hed take money from what US is giving other countries save social security"
": EXCELLENT WATCHING PUTINS BRILLIANCE AND TRUMPS. I LOVED THE INTERVIEWS."
": . announces his tax plan tomorrow morning "
": While the former KGB Putin gets softballs, Trump gets the Matt Harvey fastball and hits it out of the park."
": Trump did a great job on Minutes! He will be a strong leader for our country!Looking forward to voting Trump"
": Great interview,Trump ruled. Great response Trade War claim. All anyone has do is look at foreign tariffs
" Imagine that, an American president standing up for the American people! Go Trump Go! "
": Been watching!!! Brilliant Mr. Trump, he is so Awesome!! And real."
Hope we all enjoy tomorrow night. I do believe they will treat me fairly!
": Time for real change, TRUMP "
": Trump will win, I know it."
": we are tired of lies. Trump "
": Ex-wife Ivana Trump says can win, likely WILL win, and will be a great President. "
": Mr Trump Please Do not give in.You are Changing History. We Need you as our Next Leader, Its Your Time"
Marco Rubio is a member of the Gang Of Eight or, very weak on stopping illegal immigration. Only changed when poll numbers crashed.
": Fiorina is not surging..she is begging for money..and she owns this. "
": Look forward to it, Donald. You are doing Great! Please keep up the fight, many of us are behind you %!!
Lightweight Senator Marco Rubio is VERY weak on immigration, knows nothing about finance and would be incapable of making great trade deals!
": I will be on this Sunday. A great honor-- hope you enjoy it."
": Think about it. Whens the last time a Prez actually did what he said? TRUMP does what he says. Will Be Greatest Prez Ever"
An updated POLL tracker (with all polls thru the weekend) reveals I maintained a double digit lead at_
: Video Exclusive: To : "I Am A Praying Guy"
Just left Oklahoma--- the most amazing crowd and people! What a night!
Thank you
I will be on this Sunday. A great honor-- hope you enjoy it.
. "The Donald Trump Ratings Bump: Whos Benefiting Most?"
: New Poll: maintains huge lead (31%) in Georgia!
.- Trump on Boehner resignation: Its a good thing
.....Has worst attendance record in Senate- rarely there to vote on a bill!
. is weak on illegal immigration and will allow anyone into the country.....
Dishonest just called to say that none of the polls including Fox, NBC, CNN, Zogby, &amp; Morning Consult matter. Serious haters.
At the Old Post Office-
I am now inspecting the Old Post Office on Pennsylvania Avenue - will be a great hotel. Soon off to the Oklahoma State Fair!
.....Ahead of schedule and under budget! Will be in Oklahoma tonight!
Great reception in D.C. At the Values Voter Summit. Now checking on my job at the Old Post Office...
: Packed ballroom for . Biggest, classiest crowd so far
": Waiting for the biased media to write about the Carly fired as a failed CEO. America is for Trump!"
., the poll said very plainly I came in second in the debate. All others, Time, Drudge, Slate etc. said I came in st.
": They attack Trump for not giving policy is the most important detail, he WINS."
": WHAT THE LOBBYISTS, THE MEDIA AND CAREER POLITICIANS WILL DO NEXT TO TRY TO STOP TRUMP? SILENT MAJORITY IS BACK"
Just watched on television. Just another all talk, no action, politician. Truly doesnt have a clue! Worst voting record in Sen.
": WHEN THE OTHER CANDIDATES ARE TALKING POLITICS TRUMP IS TALKING SOLUTIONS. HE IS THE MOST TALENTED CANDIDATE."
Wow, a really nice lead in New Hampshire--- an increase since my last poll!
The failing news outlet, which I hear is losing lots of money, is really dishonest!
., which is not read or respected by many, may be the most dishonest of the media outlets--- and that is saying something.
Dishonest reporter Jonathan Martin refused to acknowledge massive crowd surge forward_
Bloomberg: Trump leads GOP field
Despite the establishment and the medias best efforts, the people are speaking loudly and clearly. Thank you to my amazing supporters!
New Bloomberg Poll: Trump Leads Big
So happy about my daughter announcement that she will be having a baby this spring. Congratulations!
: Im beyond excited to announce that Baby No. will be arriving this Spring!
Will be on at :30 A.M.
Will be on at :00 A.M.
. owes me an apology for allowing clueless pundit to use such foul language on TV. Unheard of!
Incompetent lost it tonight on . He should not be allowed on TV and the FCC should fine him!
Wow! What a great night. Thank you to all of the viewers and congratulations to
. has been treating me very unfairly &amp; I have therefore decided that I wont be doing any more Fox shows for the foreseeable future.
Yogi Berra was not only a great baseball player, he was a great guy. Yogi will be missed.
Headline reads" Rubio passes Bush in Florida poll" -- Unfair, because Trump destroys them both! Trump %, Rubio %, Bush %
. Congratulations on your great win--what a captain, what a champion!
": still cannot figure out this massive base of support for Trump is because he is anti- politician. "
I will be doing at :30 on CBS. Enjoy!
I will be the featured guest on the season opener of this Sunday. There certainly is plenty to talk about!
Just remember, the birther movement was started by Hillary Clinton in . She was all in!
I think should take another eleven day "unscheduled" vacation.
Do you ever notice that lightweight constantly goes after me but when I hit back it is totally sexist. She is highly overrated!
Senator Marco "amnesty" Rubio, who has worst voting record in Senate, just hit me on national security-but I said dont go into Iraq. VISION
I will be on the tonight at :30
Yom Kippur blessings to all of my friends in Israel and around the world.
Morning Consult poll: "Trump Leads"
Republican Primary Morning Consult Poll was just released. TRUMP , CARSON , BUSH , FIORINA , RUBIO , CRUZ . Taken after debate
": I steer away from Fox now. Never thought that would happen."
": Have you listened to his plans for Vets when he takes office? Theyre Incredible!!"
": Trump is the only candidate telling the truth... the GOP is planning to stab Trump in the back... "
": will you cry when Marco Amnesty loses nomination?"
": would be the best for the country, jobs, trade and taxes - all others are status quo "
": is the only one who can get us out of this mess!" True!
": Fox has become a supporter of Liberals!They are Not supporting the GOP candidates-especially Trump! Quit watching
": Hey Donald your not alone. I cant watch it at all. Used to be all i watched.
": is fighting for middle class and veterans! Discussing trade deals."
": Do what most of us are doing! Turn off ! There is a major boycott going on with them, anyway. Problem solved!
": I can only watch Hannity. I think he is the only one in your corner"
": WE LOVE YOU DONALD TRUMP BECAUSE WE KNOW YOU ARE THE ONLY ONE TO " Thanks.
": I have been since you started running &amp; I noticed Meghan Kellys attacks. Stopped watching. Only Hannity sure." Yes!
": Karl Rove is a JOKE OWNED BY the BUSH family"
": and millions will agree with you! Most of us on twitter now view OAN network"
": They attack you more then CNN or MSNBC combined. Just a bunch of old Bush appointee Rhinos."
": Im not sure why u r giving them this much importance, they had wanted to take u down in debate and they failed!!"
": What happened to The Pledge? Walker quits and slams Trump. Losers proving Pledge was sham."
": thats ok! The more they talk the better POTUS Trump looks!"
": you must be relentless and maintain energy, and respond as you have been. Its a marathon." True.
": Thank you for maintaining your integrity during this disgusting lynching of " Thanks Mark!
. is truly one of the dumbest of the talking heads - he doesnt have a clue!
I am having a really hard time watching .
": will get out disaffected Repub base voters as well as Democrats looking for a real choice on immigration.
": Do you dream about ? Hes in your head. Let it go." She is the worst - all anti-Trump! Terrible show.
": The way you have treated is totally unacceptable...CNN has been fair"
": Cant even think what the race would be without you in it."
": love you trump"
": this is bull fox. OReilly, I expect better from you. What is going on? Fair and balanced my ass"
": You dominate not because of them-but despite them;They need you more than you need them"
": Couldnt agree more!"
": theyre not Trump haters. Theyre spoon fed morons."
., why dont you have some knowledgeable talking heads on your show for a change instead of the same old Trump haters. Boring!
. was very negative to me in refusing to to post the great polls that came out today including NBC. not good for me!
": touts CNN polls instead of their own!! Of course, the NBC one shows him much higher. Trump corrects them!
Via HuffPost Pollster
I will be interviewed tonight at pm ET by
I got to know wellhes a very nice person and has a great future.
Thank you Dan--I agree! Best wishes.
" Zogby is respected in the business of polling ~ the media is attempting to silence the message "

I had a great time at
I just wrapped up a Q&amp;A . Thanks for all your questions!
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
Getting ready to answer your questions.
Has the media picked up the new Zogby poll that was just put out? I doubt it!
Jeb has been confused for forty years-
Carly Fiorina is terrible at business--the last thing our country needs!
Send me your questions to answer live from later this afternoon.
New Zogby poll highly respected but the media wont report it because it gives me an even bigger lead!
": touts CNN polls instead of their own!! Of course, the NBC one shows him much higher. Trump corrects them!
": Fox is using you for ratings. They want u out of the race. Refuse."
": could you make your interview with any more biased or... "
": You are great!!"
": here is a Clinton insider who admitted Hillary started the whole Obamas a Muslim
": I dvr every Fox evening show EXCEPT Megyns. She is a mean &amp; bitter woman."
": ...Why is Fox being so hard on u? I dont get it...are they idiots?"
": you go trumpy, dont back down" I wont.
": On the Muslim issue: It might help if he actually supported Christians religious liberty rights.
": On the Muslim issue: It might help if he didnt take five years to visit Israel"
": On the Muslim issue: It might help if he actually didnt come across as hostile to evangelicals in this country
": I totally support you! You have this Ga. Girls vote!!!"
": Thanks and for showing us how lopsided you are! Use your own poll!
The refused to use their just in poll numbers where I have a massive lead but instead used numbers where my lead is smaller.
Will be on now. Enjoy!
": thank you for your personal and financial sacrifices to make america great again!"
Carly Fiorina did such a horrible job at Lucent and HP, virtually destroying both companies, that she never got another CEO job offer! Pres.
We are going to WIN and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, maybe better than ever before!
I am attracting the biggest crowds, by far, and the best poll numbers, also by far. Much of the media is totally dishonest. So sad!
I have been leading big in all polls, with two more today, and . The NBC poll is more than double next, at %. Fiorina has %.
There is no way that Carly Fiorina can become the Republican Nominee or win against the Dems. Boxer killed her for Senate in California!
I will be on at :30. will be releasing their new poll numbers. Based on the debate results, I should do well-who knows?
": CNN tried to destroy Donald Trump with vaccine autism question, but he gave this AMAZING response "
": THE best interview thus far...keep it up Trump! Donald Trump: "Enough With the Nice!" via "
Thank you Faith and Freedom Forum &amp; . I had a great time in Iowa today!
A great night in Iowa!
: Check out the latest Morning Consult poll, released /17/2015. remains at %.

On my way to Iowa. Will be landing in Des Moines in two hours. See ya!
Christians need support in our country (and around the world), their religious liberty is at stake! Obama has been horrible, I will be great
If I would have challenged the man, the media would have accused me of interfering with that mans right of free speech. A no win situation!
If someone made a nasty or controversial statement about me to the president, do you really think he would come to my rescue? No chance!
This is the first time in my life that I have caused controversy by NOT saying something.
Am I morally obligated to defend the president every time somebody says something bad or controversial about him? I dont think so!
Looking forward to meeting the students of Urbandale High School tomorrow-
Ive just released my position papers on The Second Amendment.
: Well support a successful businessman, even with an incredible ego, over a corrupt liar any day.. h_
Thank you.
GIVE AMERICA BACK ITS DREAM! -- Donald J. Trump
Wow, great post-debate poll: "Trump Increases Lead" via Breitbart
: . talks about his tweeting skills with . Watch the golf cart video exclusive
: Just got back from Italy and let me tell you, they are just as fascinated by as everyone else is.
Would be really bad if columnist Mike Lupica left the . A wonderful and talented guy!
Will be interviewed tonight by on at PM. Enjoy!
Going to New Hampshire in a little while. Big crowds! !
Every poll done on debate last night, from Drudge to Newsmax to Time Magazine, had me winning in a landslide. !
Just announced that in the history of , last nights debate was its highest rated ever. Will they send me flowers &amp; a thank you note?
: front-runner, wins at Reagan Library.
: Lets get this going. Theyre out with
: Very proud of my father


The was amazing --- so much fun!
Winning the poll-
Thank you to Tom Brady, Coach Ditka, Coach Bobby Knight and all of the many champions that have been so supportive!
A great honor from somebody that knows how to win!
Will be heading over to the debate soon. Can you believe is "milking" it for almost hours? Too long, too many people on stage!
: Here is the story with that aired on this morning
": No one can imitate Trump. Hes one of a kind. I love him more each day. " Thanks
": We are a Cuban family from Miami Florida and would love very much to work on your political campaing here in Miami." Great.
": Only percent of voters said they would not back as the partys standard-bearer. "
": - Donald...keep pushing...the nation needs a real leader."
": More Veterans will vote for Trump than you can believe! I cant imagine they wouldnt!
": The "sold to lobbyists" candidates are wasting their money. ON the BORDER and IMMIGRATION, Trump WILL win."
I hope Arnold S. does well with the Apprentice because he is a nice guy and also, because I get a big percentage of the profits!
Just finished the wonderful event on the U.S.S. Iowa. VETERANS FOR A STRONG AMERICA endorsed me. Such a great honor, thank you!
. Rush, I am in LA inspecting property (big job creator) &amp; listening to you. You are truly fantastic--thanks!
The polls are really looking good everywhere despite all lobbyist &amp; special interest $ being spent against me. Im turning down millions.
Everyone is talking about the incredible event we had in Dallas last night. Spectacular crowd &amp; arena! Thank you .
. asked me for $1 million. I said no. Now falsely advertising that I will raise taxes. Ill lower big league for middle class.
My plan will lower taxes for our country, not raise them. Phony says I will raise taxesjust another lie.
Little respected Club For Growth asked me for $1,000,000 - I said "NO". Now they are spending lobbyist and special interest money on ads!
Am now in L.A. Will be going to the U.S.S. IOWA at :30 P.M. to speak to our great VETERANS and other friends!
Our vets are treated like rd class citizens. Enough! Join me &amp; on at LA Waterfront to hear my plan for vets &amp; the military!
Loved Dallas and the tremendous crowd last night. Will be back!
I will rebuild the military, take care of vets and make the world respect the US again! Join me today. Info:
If youre a veteran in Los Angeles, I want you to join me and today /15 on Sign up here!
": FABULOUS DONALD. SO PROUD OF U! KEEP UP GD WORK! "
Speech in Dallas went really well. Big and wonderful crowd. Just arrived in L.A. Big day tomorrow!
Unbelievable crowd in Dallas!
Vets mistreated, NO border security? Im with this Tuesday /15 to ! Join us!
The event with me and in L.A on /15 is turning out to be huge. Get your tickets before theyre gone
Looking forward to joining Tuesday /15 in L.A. aboard the - The Battleship of Presidents! Join us!
My opponents big bosses--lobbyists and donors--are trying to do damage. They will fail! Money down the drain!
: Wow. Im blown away and honored by all your tweets. I cant wait to bring my experience to the board room &amp; raise milli_
Thanks Mark, will be fun.
To all my fans, sorry I couldnt do The Apprentice any longerbut equal time (presidential run) prohibits me from doing so. Love!
Congrats to my friend who is doing next seasons Celebrity Apprentice. Hell be great &amp; will raise lots of $ for charity.
My honor, thank you.
: Thank you Mr Trump for drawing attention to our finest and best veterans! They need help now! https_
" Nice! I love how Trump has a way of putting people on the spot. I wonder what CNN will do. The Veterans appreciate it!"
Why is someone like George Pataki, who did a terrible job as Governor of N.Y. and registers ZERO in the polls, allowed on the debate stage?
": Trump rocked Iowa today heard his message was positive and built much enthusiasm among the voters
": I dont know how any American can watch this video and not want to vote for __ "
": please make this country great again &amp; help secure our borders Mr. Trump, youre our last hope. "
": Are you going to come to Wisconsin in the near future? " Yes.
": Mr. Trump, Sir, this country is, and has been, on a path of self destruction and needs you to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
": Theres only one Ill never support:
":Trump Knows how to get things done. He has guts to say what needs to be said. Hell deal with Putin more effectively than anyone."
": I hated to love it, but was hilarious on last night! "
Had a record crowd in Boone, Iowa. A fantastic day--- we will
I am having a great time in Iowa at Jack Trice Stadium! Unbelievable people.
Too many people on stage for debate. at th, with % in , shouldnt be allowed to participate.
I truly understood the appeal of Ron Paul, but his son, , didnt get the right gene.
Lightweight Senator should focus on trying to get elected in Kentucky--- a great state which is embarrassed by him.
: Before his interview, interviews his reflection in the mirror...
Donald Trump Sends to Highest Friday Rating in Months. , that is !
Trumps Campaign Hat Becomes an Ironic Summer Accessory - The New York Times.
. thank you so much for your kind words on television -- fantastic job and greatly appreciated!
Will be on at :00. Enjoy!
": Thats awesome when younger people can see we need Trump!"
": International Hotel &amp; Golf Links. Luxury resort in on Irelands "
": : Ignore the losers and the haters, you are going to make this country great again"
": Trump % success rate in business, only out of + companies went south. Better than any other candidate. Better than all"
": You were a great sport on the show and I have total confidence in you rebuilding this country and making America great again.
": does best imitation of himself - we got ourselves a winner ready to hang on for the long haul.
": "I fully believe in apologies but you have to be wrong"-"
": I want our president to be smart AND witty like you Mr Trump" Thanks.
": If doesnt become the next president, then that just shows how dumb America really is. " Nice, thanks!
":Loved you on Jimmy lastnight &amp; how you showed you like to have fun/are able to laugh at yourself! Do you ever sleep tho? Not much
": My Dad is thinking of voting for the first time ever for you. " Great.
": Carson on now. He is worse than Jeb; like ambien for insomnia. We need energy in the White House. We need DonaldTrump
": blew it away on . The ratings will be HUUUGE."
": Great show! Trump you are Awesomeness! God Bless!
": What are your thoughts on your good friend Tom Bradys performance yesterday? He was fantastic, a total winner!
": Mr. Trump, you werent just HUGE on - you were AWESOME. WISDOM and HUMOR ARE A POWERFUL COMBINATION!!!"
": At the neighborhood bar talking about we need him" We will make America great again!
": You even made the show great again."
": Trump will be our leader and we will be thankful!"
": If I was Id vote for " Thank you!
": absolutely, hes just simply the best "
": loved the show....trump2016"
": is the only candidate against illegals. We will have America back - &amp; jobs"
": "
": Trumps polls are going to skyrocket after appearance on tonight. The young people are going to love him!"
Backstage with before opening skit- great fun!
The Tonight Show will be amazing - :30 P.M. ENJOY!
Amazing crowd outside . Tune in tonight at :30.
. is a terrific guy and I wish him well- I know he will have a great future!
On with at :30 PM. Enjoy!
Via The Hill "No Tickets Left for Trumps Dallas Rally"
. I greatly appreciate your kind words last night on . Have great love for the evangelicals -- great respect for you.
Just purchased NBCs half of The Miss Universe Organization and settled all lawsuits against them. Now own % -- stay tuned!
Lets all take a moment to remember all of the heroes from a very tragic day that we cannot let happen again!
Oh wow, lightweight Governor , who is registered at less than percent in the polls, just mocked my hair. So original!
Also, tomorrow night I will be going to Boone and Ames. Really look forward to seeing all of my friends in Iowa.
Very good newsthe new Quinnipiac poll just came outI am in Iowa.
I will be on The Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon tonight at :30. Should be fun!
.... I only respond to people that register more than % in the polls. I never thought he had a chance and Ive been proven right.
Bobby Jindal did not make the debate stage and therefore I have never met him_.
" The numbers are amazing! "
Ill be on ON THE RECORD tonight at PM
Wow, I am ahead of the field with Evangelicals (am so proud of this) and virtually every other group, and Ben Carson just took a swipe at me
I had a great day in D.C. even though the subject was an unpleasant one, the horrible Iran Nuke deal. Amazing crowd and enthusiasm!
Man did JEB throw his brother under the bus last night on . Probably true, but not nice!
I will be speaking at the rally shortly- watch live here-
A letter to President Jeff Zucker-
See you in D.C. tomorrow at :00 P.M. at the Capitol to protest the horribly negotiated deal with Iran. Really sad!
": While rallies tomorrow, will call China to ask for donations "
": we want Trump! America needs him desperately!
": Ive just lost hope Mr Trump. Hope you put America back the way it was"
Via - "Amateur hour with the Iran nuclear deal"
Will be on Bill OReilly tonight at PM. Enjoy!
A great honor to receive polling numbers like these. Record setting African American (25%) &amp; Hispanic numbers (31%).
Im on Bill tonight at PM. It will be another lively interview about how to !
Jebs policies in Florida helped lead to its almost total collapse. Right after he left he went to work for Lehman Brotherswow!
The lobbyists &amp; special interests have just put out an ad for Jeb which hits me "just a little" but is very false!
Im self funding my campaign but lobbyists &amp; special interests for Jeb &amp; others are starting to do big adsdesperate! Dont believe them.
Wake up Jeb supporters!
Thank you for your strength &amp; wonderful words last night on , but is easy to beat!
Wow! Such nice words from Robert Redford on my running for President. Thank you, Robert.
Tomorrow in DC: PM West Front Lawn of the Capitol. Not even believable that we would do this deal with Iran.
Look forward to being in DC tomorrowbig crowd expected for our protest against the truly stupid nuclear deal we are making with Iran.
Looking forward to being with at our big rally in D.C. on Wednesday (1:00 P.M. at the Capitol) to protest insane Iran nuke deal!
Both Washington D.C. and DALLAS are turning out to be really big events. D.C. is protest of incompetent Iran deal and Dallas is big speech!
Remember, Ill see you in D.C. at the Capitol Building on Wednesday at :00 oclock. Then Dallas on Sept.14 at :00 P.M. American Air Center
": Looking forward to seeing you in Dallas and voting for you." Great!
": For my mind, do whatever you think is right, you have nothing to prove, just save our nation."
": America needs you as the President to bring America back to letting Christians believe! So true!
": I know. Gives in secret without even a writeoff. spilled beans about k" Thank you!
": No other GOP candidate has potential to win Ohio &amp; Pennsylvania-thus the presidency, except "jobs" pres !
Thank you for your powerful words on . I am with the Evangelicals and Tea Party big time. We will all WIN together!
": Jeb Bush, Family Ties and a Museum That Never Materialized " Not good!
": No other GOP candidate has potential to win Ohio &amp; Pennsylvania-thus the presidency except "jobs" .
": The letter is out, liars."
": We need a strong leader to fix the mess our country in! Go Mr.Trump!!"
": I am year old female. You give me hope st time in years America can come back..stay the course we need you in !"
": Donald has already done many great things,he has woke America up and people are screaming Donald everywhere"
": its good to show the public such things,a lot of nerve to ask for a million dollars
": WOW! Here is letter that mafia organization of extortion, Club for Growth, sent "
": Sure hope you will do great things. You are giving us something to look forward to, and make America great again. Go Trump"
": Wow. So disengenuos in asking for a million dollars! Like its no big deal."
": wow I didnt know it was that unprofessional."
": vote for Trump "
": They are all just phony cronies. Keep up the Real Deal Mr. TRUMP YOU ARE THE MAN."
": Borderline extortion scam. They would have used your $1M to extract "donations" from others"
": Club4Growth will do anything for a handout just like every other POLITICIAN running... Pay to Say organization"
": COVERS PULLED " Here is the ridiculous letter!
": is gonna do some great things! "
": You are our only hope ! Keep strong Mr.Trump" Thank you.
. should release the letter they sent me asking for $1,000,000. When I said no, they came out against me. A scam operation?
": : He was right when he called Obama the for president. terrorist for one no good traitor
": Trump Leads as Bush Crashes No establishment and/or pro-amnesty candidates "
": as long as we can stay strong and give our support. Hes the leader."
I will be in Washington D.C. on Wednesday,1 P.M.,in front of the Capitol, to protest the horrible and incompetent deal being made with Iran.
The Dallas event on September at :00 P.M. at the American Airlines Center looks like it will be a giant success. Tickets are going FAST!
Our country needs a president with great leadership skills and vision, not someone like Hillary or Barack, neither of which has a clue!
The phony Club For Growth, which asked me in writing for $1,000,000 (I said no), is now wanting to do negative ads on me. Total hypocrites!
": do you see whats in Tom Bradys Locker? "
": Check it out, , all the way from Wyoming! " Thank you.
": AMERICA will be working again. BUSINESSMAN &gt; POLITICIAN. Private sector growth above all. "
": Poll: Trump beats Clinton head-to-head matchup " Thank you!
If the presidential election were held today, according to this poll, Donald Trump would defeat any Dem: "
The hedge fund guys (gals) have to pay higher taxes ASAP. They are paying practically nothing. We must reduce taxes for the middle class!
By self-funding my campaign, I am not controlled by my donors, special interests or lobbyists. I am only working for the people of the U.S.!
Remember that I am self-funding my campaign. Hillary, Jeb and the rest are spending special interest and lobbyist money.100% CONTROLLED
Hillary said such nasty things about me, read directly off her teleprompter...but there was no emotion, no truth. Just cant read speeches!
Hillary Clinton made a speech today using the biggest teleprompter I have ever seen. In fact, it wasnt even see through glass, it was black
Saudi Arabia was "vehemently" against the Iran nuclear deal. Then today they embraced it. What happened? What did we give them to endorse?
Wow, the Dallas event in two weeks looks like a big winner! Get your tickets (American Airlines Center) FAST!
Just announced that because of "Trump", advertising rates for debate on are going from $5000 to $200,000, a % increase.PAY CHARITY?
Why would a very low ratings radio talk show host like Hugh Hewitt be doing the next debate on . He is just a rd rate "gotcha" guy!
Very low ratings radio host Hugh Hewitt asked me about Suleiman, Abu Bake al-Baghdad, Hassan Nasrallah and more - typical "gotcha" questions
The Dallas event in two weeks, at the American Airlines Center, is filling up fast. Get your tickets fast, before it is too late!
. was terrible on yesterday. Angry and obnoxious, she will never make it on T.V. can do so much better!
Terrific response to my previous tweet: "Ill be in Dallas at the American Airlines Center on Sept th at PM." _
So nice, thank you Laura.
Daily Caller: Trump Surpasses Field, Flirts With Percent in Alabama Poll
Ill be in Dallas at the American Airlines Center on Sept th at PM. Will be great to be back in Texas.
Will be on in minutes - at :00. Enjoy!
": : is there something to learn from success? "
": Obama left our American hostages in Iran. "
": I love Donald Trump. For ONCE I feel like someone out there running actually cares about us."
: Behind the scenes picture of my father signing the pledge --- I am very proud of him!
The Pledge
LIVE on : Watch major press conference live from now!
Congratulations to Tom Brady on yet another great victory- Tom is my friend and a total winner!
The deal with Iran will go down as one of the most incompetent ever made. The U.S. lost on virtually every point. We just dont win anymore!
": Obama left our American hostages in Iran. " Sadly, so true!
., I am in first place by a lot in all polls, tied for first place with Ben Carson in one Iowa poll. I thought you knew this-thanks
Tracking polls from pollsters nationwide/HuffPost Pollster
GOP Nomination Polls have me as as seen on with .
. Great job on this morning. You tell it like it is! Also, thx for the nice mention. Your book sounds great!
A terrible deal with Iran!
": MEGYN KELLY TOP OF CABLE NEWS... " Megyn, say "thank you Donald!" also should say "thanks!"
Will be interviewed on this morning at :00. Thanks for the GREAT poll results!
": revealed character and spirit. Even as changed subjects abruptly, spoke from heart.
": Go "
": I have always wondered why Fox kept Rove on after his disastrous election predictions." He is a joke!
": Jeb bush couldnt shine MR trumps shoes...give me a break. Bushes are so over..."
": Rove is suffering from defeatism. "
When I intelligently turned down The Club For Growth crazy request for $1,000,000, they got nasty.What a waste of money that would have been
The president of the pathetic Club For Growth came to my office in N.Y.C. and asked for a ridiculous $1,000,000 contribution. I said no way!
": Keep the momentum going! "
": BIG LEADS FOR THE PEOPLES POTUS " Great!
Every Poll has me winning BIG.If you listen to dopey Karl Rove, a Trump hater, on , you would think Im doing poorly.
Why does and always have Karl Rove on. He spent $430 million and lost ALL races. A dope who said Romney won election
Im turning down millions of dollars of campaign contributionsfeel totally stupid doing so, but hope it is appreciated by the voters.
Many Super Pacs, funded by groups that want total control over their candidate, are being formed to attack Trump. Remember when u see them
No more Clintons or Bushes!
Congrats everyone--we topped million today on Twitter--and heading up fast!
While millions are being spent against me in attack ads, they are paid for by the bosses and owners of candidates. I am self funding.
Jeb is spending millions of dollars on hit ads funded by lobbyists &amp; special interests. Bad system.
Yet another weak hit by a candidate with a failing campaign. Will Jeb sink as low in the polls as the others who have gone after me?
": Only Trump is capable of cleaning up the mess America is in, thats why he has my vote! So true!
The just released Public Policy Polling (PPP - national result) is the best yet. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
": My wife and I are both voting for trump in florida over our previous governor PERIOD!" Thank you
": unofficial fight song via " Such hard work and imagination-thanks
Just out - new PPP NATIONAL POLL has me in first place by a wide margin at %. I wonder why only has not reported this? Too bad!
Clinton E-mails still contain classified information. More sensitive when she was Sec.of State. This is a very big deal.
President Obama wants to change the name of Mt. McKinley to Denali after more than years. Great insult to Ohio. I will change back!
Very proud of Trump Intl Golf Links in Aberdeen, Scotland. Just got the five star award from
See, I told you so
This is no "act of love" as Jeb Bush said_
For those that dont think a wall (fence) works, why dont they suggest taking down the fence around the White House? Foolish people!
Huma Abedin, the top aide to Hillary Clinton and the wife of perv sleazebag Anthony Wiener, was a major security risk as a collector of info
": Gaining more supporters every day. People want change. Trump2016"
Leading in the Bloomberg Iowa poll. Also, my favorability numbers went up at a record, almost unheard of, clip. Thank you Iowa!
Loved being with my many friends in Tennessee. The crowd and enthusiasm was fantastic. I won the straw poll big!
": Herschel Walker: Donald Trump is my frontrunner for president via "
": Trump Wins Tea Party Groups Nashville Straw Poll - Newsmax " GREAT, THANK YOU!
Via "TRUMP WINS NASHVILLE GRASSROOTS STRAW POLL WITH PERCENT"-
Wow, Jeb Bush just lost three of his top fundraisers - they quit!
Leaving now for Tennessee. Big crowd!
Great rally last night in Massachusetts. people at a house - must be a record! Unbelievable spirit to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN.
": BOOM - Univision Reluctantly Reports Donald Trump Leading With Latino Republicans.... via
Will be interviewed by tonight at :00 on OAN Network. Enjoy!
": I love you Donald Trump! Ive never liked politics before u came on the scene but I finally feel like theres hope for USA
": Love em or hate em is changing the playing field, finally. Our country needed this wake-up call.
Thank you
: Trump breaks % in OAN / Gravis Marketing scientific poll. Leads closest competitor by %. http:_
A phony story that I am trying to buy a soccer team in Argentina is untrue. Never even heard of the teamno interest!
From my speech in South Carolina yesterday-
Via CNN: Trump now leads in odds to win GOP nomination
": Trump wins"
": HillaryClinton: she compared republicans to terrorist but will not call terrorists , terrorists. "
": ....Trump !!!"
Great job tonight on Tony. I am with you all the way! Make America Great Again
": is the Real Deal, Baby." Thank you.
": NEED A is back &amp; will handle &amp;
": Trump for President of the USA"
": Build the wall! Everywhere I go, immigrants have our jobs! "
": Love you man! Im one of the silent majority thats so excited to finally have us a spokesman! Behind you all the way!"
": .: shouldve disclosed his daughter works for HillaryClinton &amp; Univision is being sued by ."
Will be interviewed on at :00 A.M. So much to talk about!
The crowd in South Carolina was amazing. We set records and had a great time. Will be back soon.
Who wants the endorsement of a guy () who lost in perhaps the greatest upset in the history of Congress?
. just watched you on . Thank you for your nice comments.
The press has very inaccurately covered this event - see for yourself!
Great job on tonight . We are all proud of you! Also, congrats on a great son - he is going places.
. You were absolutely great on ! Thank you.
. Thanks for the nice words. You are fantastic!
: TRUMP POSITIONUS VETS pls rt
Thank you Christian Broadcasting Network
Will be interviewed on the this morning at :00. Talking about politics, polls and whatever. Enjoy!
Just got back from Iowa. Fantastic evening with truly fabulous people. Will be back again soon. Thanks!
Heading to Iowa to a packed house. Just released polls, all first place, are amazing. Thank you!
Thank you . I am going to Make America Great Again!
Great American heroes who averted an attack in France. THANK YOU! Spencer Stone, Anthony Sadler, &amp; Alex Skarlatos.
True, thanks.
" he has more smarts than any one of the politicians - he TRUMPED again ! "
: Breaking ! Public Policy Polling, New Hampshire! skyrockets__to %! http:/_
" Because he speaks &amp; acts like a real person; not like a slimy, calculated politician."
" Trump is the ONLY person capable of fixing this corrupt, bankrupt, divided country! "
Thanks.
Another good poll result in the great state of SC. Trump at %. Carson at % and Bush at %.
Congrats . You just got points in your home state of SCfar better than zero nationally. Youre only pts behind me.
": Rubio and Bush cant say Wall. I guess it is not pc. Just like obama cant say islamic terrorists !!
": I could not agree more ! I now flip to other channels at :00pm"
": ... I LIVED IN NY WHEN "TACKY PATAKI" WAS GOV... HE WAS A TOTAL DISASTER FOR THE PEOPLE OF NEW YORK
": Gov. Scott Walker has ran Wisconsins economy into the ground. How dare he criticize you. You would fire him in a second."
": No hope for Jeb Bush anymore, has been on fire! Really hope he can get the win and fix this country!
. did a terrible job as Governor of New York. If he ran again, he would have lost in a landslide. He and Graham ZERO in polls
Jeb Bush just talked about my border proposal to build a "fence." Its not a fence, Jeb, its a WALL, and theres a BIG difference!
Asians are very offended that JEB said that anchor babies applies to them as a way to be more politically correct to hispanics. A mess!
In a clumsy move to get out of his "anchor babies" dilemma, where he signed that he would not use the term and now uses it, he blamed ASIANS
Jeb Bush never uses his last name on advertising, signage, materials etc. Is he ashamed of the name BUSH? A pretty sad situation. Go Jeb!
": Kelly File was much better without Megyn Kelly. Her replacement while she was out on vacation was much better!
": So true. Jeb Bush is crazy, who cares that he speaks Mexican, this is America, English !!"
": Ordered my Trump banner today. Cant wait!"
": The Lesson Evangelicals Can Learn From "
": People always take cheap shots at you,they cant handle the truth.You tell it like it is.Theyre cowards.
": Mr Trump I appreciate you and your honesty sir" Thank you.
": No man or women on this Planet can give us back America with the exception of Leadership!
": DonaldTrump Thanks for the picture! You were Awesome in Alabama! "Roll Trump Roll
": The bimbo back in town . I hope not for long ."
": Show has become a opinion show. Leading questions, Stirrwalt and Thiessen, used, Fair and balanced, NOT"
": Cruz is my second/third choice. Carson is also a good man. I look at it as war, so my choice is TRUMP."
": She has come back looking like Nancy Grace"
": Megyn needs to go back on vacation. What a waste of an hour on Fox."
I liked The Kelly File much better without . Perhaps she could take another eleven day unscheduled vacation!
. must have had a terrible vacation, she is really off her game. Was afraid to confront Dr. Cornel West. No clue on immigration!
": Pffffffttttt we need to do something about illegals who get more than our vets!!!!!"
: Who would you rather have negotiating for you? TRUMP or JEB? will http:_
Via The Brody File: "The Lesson Evangelicals Can Learn From Donald Trump" Thank you David &amp; CBN News--so nice.
Via Intl Business Times: Jeb Bush Got $1.3M Job at Lehman After Florida Shifted Pension Cash To Bank.
: Hillary Clinton &amp; Jeb Bush do not like "TONE!" It is time for some changes America!
Thank you Greta.
Even Barbara Bush agrees with me-
Depression- be careful of China!
": only can save us form this turmoil " Perhaps so!
" Trump supporters- volunteer ,contribute, assist campaign etc .We need Trump
": Will you finally get respect for predicting U.S. concerns even weeks before disaster strikes.The country needs a visionary
Markets are crashing - all caused by poor planning and allowing China and Asia to dictate the agenda. This could get very messy! Vote Trump.
": When people start losing their savings &amp; home value, they will be begging Trump to fix the economy "
As I have long stated, we are so tied in with China and Asia that their markets are now taking the U.S. market down. Get smart U.S.A.
New Reuters Poll just came out and has me at %, highest number yet.The silent majority is back and we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The last thing we need is another Bush in the White House. Would be the same old thing (remember "read my lips, no more taxes"). GREATNESS!
Jeb Bush has a photoshopped photo for an ad which gives him a black left hand and much different looking body. Jeb just cant get it right!
Jeb Bush is weak on illegal immigration, in favor of common core, bad on womens health issues and thinks the Iraq war was a good thing.
Now that I started my war on illegal immigration and securing the border, most other candidates are finally speaking up. Just politicians!
It has just been confirmed by the City of Mobile, Alabama, that there were people at last nights event, making it pol season.
How is Bernie Sanders going to defend our country if he cant even defend his own microphone? Very sad!
Thank you to the for the accurate and very discriptive story on my speech in Alabama last night. It was a great evening!
I had people in Phoenix but said "the rooms capacity is just over ." But said Bernie Sanders had in same room.
. covers me more inaccurately than any other media source, and that is saying something. They go out of their way to distort truth!
": Keep talking Donald....The people want to hear it loud and clear!!!!!"
": That chant gave me sweet, sweet chills!! __ "
Alabama was great last night, amazing people. folks was largest crowd of political season. Nice!
., You did a great job hosting . Everybody loved it! Thank you for the nice words.

Dow dives more than points - down % from high. Be careful!
Leaving for Mobile, Alabama, right now - cant be late!
Boston incident is terrible. We need energy and passion, but we must treat each other with respect. I would never condone violence.
" Every Time I see address a crowd I want to start chanting USA, USA, USA! is Back "
Great!
We are going to have a wild time in Alabama tonight! Finally, the silent majority is back!
How crazy - % of all births in U.S. are to illegal immigrants, over babies per year. This must stop. Unaffordable and not right!
Jeb Bush signed memo saying not to use the term "anchor babies," offensive. Now he wants to use it because I use it. Stay true to yourself!
Alabama will shine tomorrow. It will be a big and glorious day!
We are going to make our country so strong again, so great again. No more ripping off the United States. We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
": agree. One of the things that is good abt is hes forcing others out of status quo politicking."
": So refreshing to have someone call out these left wingers posing as journalists. Keep it up Trump!"
. please correct your story tonight. The public is fed-up with bad reporting for the sake of sensationalizing something!
. cannot report the news truthfully. Why not apologize for your fraudulent story on World News Tonight.Gang members &amp; criminals
must apologize. My statement "were going to get them out so fast, so quick" applied to hard core criminals &amp; gang members. LIE
Behind the scenes video with Uncle Sam (eagles name) and me.
Had a special visitor in my office yesterday for photo shoot.
On the cover of Magazinea great honor!
Thank you New Hampshire! Together we will Make America Great Again!
Another great poll result! Thank you!
": Now you need not wonder why we are attracted to a strong leader like . The rest dont cut it. ALL WIMPS!!"
": DonaldTrump is an emblem of HOPE that the best is yet to come for America! The good Trump name will be proudly displayed
Just got back from New Hampshire. Amazing people, we all had a great time together!
Will be in New Hampshire and then on Special at PM tonight.
My official hat is now available online. To shop please visit -- it is selling fast!
. - Thank you and great job on tonight!
": loved you on speaking truth has awakened Patriots all over this Great Country.
I am looking forward to being in New Hampshire tomorrow. The silent majority is taking our country back. We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
My H-1B reform plan will transform program so it delivers for country, not lobbyists, &amp; will have bipartisan support:
" New CNN/ORC poll: w/ % -- favorability rating on the rise while Jebs declines. % among women!!"
" Walker &amp; Bush want to be like Trump. My Mom88 "They sound like boys compared to Trump."
" Polls indicate that a Trump presidency is now inevitable. "
If I am elected President I will immediately approve the Keystone XL pipeline. No impact on environment &amp; lots of jobs for U.S.
" Two explanations on that seem no longer sufficient: ) Its early. ) It is all a media creation."
: now youre talking boss-Immigrant vigor energizing vibrant America whichll dominate shrinking Russia wh_
. I am very proud of my sister, your story was terrific. Thank you so much.
Our online campaign store is open! Visit for merchandise including my signature hat!
When foreigners attend our great colleges &amp; want to stay in the U.S., they should not be thrown out of our country.
I want talented people to come into this countryto work hard and to become citizens. Silicon Valley needs engineers, etc.
: . takes aim at Hillary Clinton in new video just released on Instagram
It does matter!
: Poll: , at the top
: GOP PrimaryHP tracking polls | pollsters. Trump % Bush % Carson % Rubio %
My official hat is now available online. To shop please visit --- it is selling fast!
: CNN Poll Most Likely to Change Washington, DC. %, Ben Carson %, Ted Cruz %, Carly Fiorina %. http:/_
Listening to on way back to Jury Duty. Fantastic show, terrific guy!
Why does keep George Will as a talking head? Wrong on so many subjects!
": Please have mercy on all Veterans. All we wished to do is serve a county who serves us not. Trump for Pres!"
": An FYI to all the DonaldTrump haters: Weve won. Most admit TRUMP CAN WIN. And &amp; - watch and learn
": Rush is on fire today!He really does have his finger on the pulse. The shamers cant win against El Rushbo
": I truly believe is Americas best choice to get our economy back on course &amp; create needed jobs.
": The best Immigration Policy yet! Time for to "
": And its funny how Fox News doesnt really get it! love you Mr. Trump!"
": agreed. We need as president ASAP."
": It felt Like a moment of silence when U said DOESNT PLAY! Powerful Interview__ "
": just released immigration plan is superior to everyone elses. Including Cruz.
The polls have been really amazing--we are all tired of incompetent politicians and bad deals!
I really enjoyed being at the Iowa State Fair. The crowds, love and enthusiasm is something I will never forget.
. Your father is a brilliant man with wonderful sense -- therefore, you must be good!
: Rich Lowry: Trumps non-traditional approach is terrific
: Americans MUST support Trump if they want America to prosper &amp; change the course
: very impressed with Mr. Trumps Iowa visit. He will make a great President!
: GOP Nominee National Polls via Fox News released today. at % with at % &amp; at %.
: national poll... leads by double digits. Lets bring back to
: Mr. Trump has done something truly amazing, hes gotten people to realize America can be great Again! Lets be again!
: So many happy kids in Iowa, who will remember this day for the rest of their lives - thanks to .
": DonaldTrump is EVERYWHERE! At this moment he is the most famous person on Earth. And for a GOOD reason!
": Donald Trump is Clint Eastwood, the perfect hero not scared of American terrorists. Vote Trump!"
Just got back from the Iowa State Fair. Record crowds, phenomenal people. Thank you IOWA, I will never let you down!
: . walks thru the Iowa State Fair. People said they have never seen anything like it (crowds &amp; media). http:_
: attracts evangelicals because hes honest with them. They can work with that rather than being used as G_
LIVE on : Good morning Iowa! Lets
In the plane heading to Iowa State Fair. Will be great fun. Hopefully giving helicopter rides to some of the kids.
Making speech tonight in New Hampshire - leaving now. Fantastic people, fantastic crowd!
:
: Great poll from !! with a lead xs higher than Jeb Bush.
. and should change their fraudulent story to say THAT I DROPPED &amp; The Apprentice to run for President!
People dont understand that I left The Apprentice to run for Presthe Apprentice DID NOT leave me. Bob Greenblatt &amp; folks were GREAT!
Our campaign store is officially open! Visit to shop the latest merchandise.
Not under my watch-
: Always great being interviewed by on and talking and .
: CNN/ORC Poll: tops in Iowa
: poll says Trump has x the support of rivals.Trump: %Carson: %Fiorina/Rub_
: Donald J. Trump Wins On All Issues
: CNN/ORC Poll %Economy %Immigration %Terrorism % &amp; more! http:_
: is a phenomenon_ I expect my grandchildren in a poli-sci class will read about this -
: Our new Iowa poll shows at %, followed by Carson %, Walker % and Bush is at %.
" completely right on China...just watch the news "
Our online campaign store is officially open! Visit to shop the latest merchandise.
: "You are going to be so proud to be a citizen of the United States" ... on if he becomes Presidenthttps_
: THANK YOU FOR SERVICE!! Thank you for your support of ! Love hat! https:_
My official hat is now available online. To shop please visit --- it is selling fast!
: TUNE IN for one-on-one with tonight at p ET on Fox News Channel.
: /3 After last nights debate I decided to accept offer for Secretary of Treasury.
The is a catastrophe that must be stopped. Will lead to at least partial world destruction &amp; make Iran a force like never before.
" Only Trump can bring us back from Trillion in debt... Hes the only one with the experience and skill set to do so."
Will be interviewed by tonight for the full hour. Hope you enjoy it and, more importantly, hope you agree!
: Poll Conducted for . Debate &amp; Ballots /10/2015.
Our online store is officially open! Visit to shop the latest merchandise.
: on tonight at pm - dont miss it!
: "Do not underestimate the power of he will sweep down &amp; get that GOP nomination!" on w/
: "This country owes $19 TRILLION dollars &amp; they need someone like me to straighten it out!"
": why are people scared of someone who wants to fix a broken system trump "
": "
. had a very good debate, far better than Rand Paul.
. you can do much better than you did tonight on . Better luck tomorrow!
Why is allowed to take advantage of the people of Kentucky by running for Senator and Pres. Why should Kentucky be back up plan?
We must stop the crime and killing machine that is illegal immigration. Rampant problems will only get worse. Take back our country!
": Youre iconic! You are going down in the history books! " So nice, thank you.
": ...Dont give up, dont surrender your rd party OPTION"
Truly weird Senator Rand Paul of Kentucky reminds me of a spoiled brat without a properly functioning brain. He was terrible at DEBATE!
Again, illegal immigrant is charged with the fatal bludgeoning of a wonderful and loved year old woman. Get them out and build a WALL!
. Thank you so much for the wonderful statements you made about me on TV. Also, keep up the great work!
. I was pleased to see the wonderful statements you made about me to the media.Im not surprised, youre a special person
: Donald Trump maintains support of % of Republican voters in new online Reuters/IPSOS poll with % margin of error; Bush tr_
. You were fantastic on television this weekend. Thank you so much you are a loyal friend!
Frank was a great guy married to an absolutely wonderful woman . What a couple!
Enough is Enough- no more Bushes!
Roger Ailes just called. He is a great guy &amp; assures me that Trump will be treated fairly on . His word is always good!
Oh really, check out innocent discussion on show years ago--I am the innocent (pure) one!
., Melania and I send our deepest condolences. Frank was a special and amazing person. He will be missed by all!
I will be interviewed on Show at :00 A.M. and on Morning Joe at :20.
": : No one knows more about business and the economy than you. You are whats right for America!"
Wonderful Frank Gifford has just passed away at age . He was my friend and a truly great guy! Warmest condolences to family.
It amazes me that other networks seem to treat me so much better than . I brought them the biggest ratings in history, &amp; I get zip!
I just realized that if you listen to Carly Fiorina for more than ten minutes straight, you develop a massive headache. She has zero chance!
": DonaldTrump shaking things up in US elections. Jeb Bush is really weak. Carly Fiorina shud go back to HP
": : TWITTER...has allowed the silent majority to have a voice and we want TRUMP !!! "
": Nice try Jeb, my wife agrees with Trump over Megyn.
": You got the the largest rating in HISTORY .. That should say all needed about you to ! "
": You are being attacked from all sides, yet you have the peoples hearts. Just be calm and trust yourself. We love you."
": itll be my first year voting and guess who got my vote "
": I agree. I registered to vote because of Mr Trump.I will vote for him."
": Finally a candidate that speaks on behalf of the people and not on behalf of the government. Go Donald!"
": Yep. I was there and people were leaving left and right. blew it BIG TIME
": . you are the best candidate this great country has seen in decades. "
Small crowds at today in Atlanta. People were very angry at EWErickson, a major sleaze and buffoon who has saved me time and money
Almost universal support that "Trump won the debate." Only is consistantly fighting the Trump win, and I got them the ratings!
Wow, CNN just said that Donald Trump won the DEBATE, connected best with audience. Also, Time, Drudge, Newsmax, N.Y.Times and more!
. I miss you all, and thanks for all of your support. Political correctness is killing our country. "weakness."
Re Megyn Kelly quote: "you could see there was blood coming out of her eyes, blood coming out of her wherever" (NOSE). Just got on w/thought
So many "politically correct" fools in our country. We have to all get back to work and stop wasting time and energy on nonsense!
": ROBINSON: Establishment didnt get Trump fall they want.... " Thank you!
": : Newsmax poll : % " APOLOGIZE!
": : Newsmax poll : % " Another debate win!
": your focus groups are rigged and your company ran out of $ in . KEEP SPEAKING THE TRUTH! TRUMP !"
The hatred that clown has for me is unbelievable causes him to lie when many others say Trump easily won debate.
....Dopey should be fired.
. you should be ashamed of yourself. I got you the highest debate ratings in your history &amp; you say nothing but bad...
via Bloomberg: Fox News Couldnt Kill Trumps Momentum, Made Him Stronger
: Simply incredible. Last nights doubled the previous record for most-watched primary debate i_
: million watched the st GOP debate on .Main reason?This guy: .Hes shaken politics up big ti_
: Trump emerges stronger than before?
: w/ delivered the highest ratings in the history of presidential debates.
: BREAKS RECORDS in poll history--LARGEST share of support Quinnipiac recorded in years
": "TRUMP DOMINANT" screams headline in todays Tampa Bay Times. "
: . inspired -yr-old Beada Corum to register to vote. Today, she praised his debate performance
: TRUMP WINS GOP Debate - "DOMINATES" "No Apologies"
: .: That [pledge] question was aimed at me, which I didnt think it was appropriate
: Winner!Drudge % (187K) % (25K) %
": Out to get you with baited questions. She was angry at you. Very hostile and unprofessional"
": Great Job!!! Winning the debate last night will take over half the field out, was not fair to Trump"
poll: winner of last nights debate by wide margin.. % v.12% , %
": Dear , your attempted hatchet job on was unbecoming &amp; a total failure.
": Rosie ODonnell was the best answer of that whole debate"
": I am a stone cold down to the bone democrat. But I will be voting on Election Day."
": you tried to attack Trump, he took it and smiled. Trump will be the next president
": TIME POLL: wins the first by Wild Margin
": final four-Trump, Cruz, Walker, Carson wild card Fiorina"
": Tell me what I can do to help you. She really has made me want to never watch fox again"
": my vote remains for trump!"
": Im s lifelong liberal and have come to fucking love . He speaks the truth!"
": is in a greater position w/ % to % even after &amp; tried to take him out.
": behaviour at the was astonishingly biased."
": your rocked &amp; won BIG TIME!!!! Make America Great Again Mr. Trump"
": Megyn could have done a far better job*"
": They tried to take you out &amp; your poll numbers skyrocketed. Voters matter, not moderators.
": I expected better from , wondering what is her hidden agenda.
": is that all youve got??? Haha."
": WAS A DISASTER ALSO."
": I gotta have in the White House thatd be such a game changer"
": Despite the hype, wins the debate by a wide margin. "
I really enjoyed the debate tonight even though the trio, especially , was not very good or professional!
., your so-called "focus groups" are a total joke. Dont come to my office looking for business again. You are a clown!
Wow, really bombed tonight. People are going wild on twitter! Funny to watch.
. I won every poll of the debate tonight by massive margins &amp; so where did you find that dumb panel.
": Im getting a lot of hatemail tonight. _ " She is totally overrated and angry. She really bombed tonite
. is a low class slob who came to my office looking for consulting work and I had zero interest. Now he picks anti-Trump panels!
": Fox viewers give low marks to bimbo will consider other programs!"
": The biggest loser in the debate was . You cant out trump Donald Trump. You will lose!
": Excellent job! You are real &amp; everyone saw that nite!
Wow! What a great honor from
: . won tonights by a landslide! I couldnt be more proud of him! Not easy!!
: Thank you so much Chris! Very nice of you!!
: What a good lookin First Family!
: __________
: you did a great job tonight!
: beautiful family! Best man for ! _____
: Great job!
": : When you have $18-$19 trillion in debt, they need someone like me to straighten it out"
: .: worst nightmare is me.
: I enjoyed your performance tonight. You were great. People never like truth. You told i_
: . wins st ! __
Thank you readers- a great honor!

Wow! What a great honor from
Just arrived for the
I look forward to tonights "debate" -- but look far more forward to making America great again. It can happen!
., who does a show called "Bob Massi Is The Property Man" on , really knows his stuff--a total pro!
" "Anyone would be lying if they said they werent tuning in to watch , "
": The only reason most viewers will be watching the tonight... "
": Tonights, The GOP aka show. Projected to be the most watched GOP debate in history. Will u b watching??
": God Bless You Donald Trump. I am so glad you decided to run. The Democrats have run this Country into the ground."
": NBC says Trump leads with HS grads or less...doesnt bother saying Trump leads with college grads, too"
": My dad is a Korean and Vietnam vet. years total with Govt. Hes and sharp as a tack. You got his vote. Go Donald"
": We shall see. All I know is The Donald is the only one who can !!!!!"
": I cant remember a candidate that Ive been this excited about dont let us down! We believe! "
": Sunset reflects on tower in Las Vegas. What a view! "
": backs down from nobody!! __ __ "
": The way DonaldTrump handled the release of his phone number compared to tell you all you need to know.
": Yup. And Clintons leaked meeting with The Donald because they are skeered of all his support."
": Trump is leading with almost every major group of Republican primary voters. "
": Sure they want Mr. Trump out. He cant be bought. "
": Hilary is trying to make Jeb the republican candidate b/c she is afraid of The Donald." True!
"AmyMek Amen! has drawn more attention to Veterans issues in week than these politicians have in decades!"
Wow! Such a wonderful article from fantastic people--my great honor!
Poll: Trump Leads GOP Field Among Hispanics, Records % Favorability
" If Jeb is the nominee Hillary is our next president."
" only attacks those that attack him first. Hes not going to be abused by a "
" it should be an honor and a privilege to be in this country. Not a right. Make America great again! "
" You are the closest thing to Teddy Roosevelt. Tough as hell, and speaks his damn mind. And NEVER BSs"
Thank you.
" make America great again. Were running out of time!"
Thanks.
" best response ever! Give Trump lemons and he will sell them back to you for a steep profit."
: "I want to be right down the middle. I want to talk about policy." on tomorrows ://t.c_
Do you notice that Hillary spews out Jebs name as often as possible in order to give him status? She knows Trump is her worst nightmare.
Many of Hillarys donors are the same donors as Jeb Bushsall rich, will have total controlknow them well.
: ICYMI: Here is the candidate line-up for the tomorrow night at pm/et! ://t.co_
": Yet another illegal arrested for bludgeoning a woman. Stop the invasion.
": I support you because I know you are person who gets things done right. This nation needs someone like that.
": I have been hoping for a bigger than life candidate and I believe I finally have one. Go Donald." Thanks.
": Go Donald...Nowhere in the Constitution does it say that our President must be a lawyer/politician. Our founders werent."
": the United states needs Donald Trump, go Don"
": Trump Leads, Jeb Slips, Rubio Crashes In WSJ/NBC News Poll "
": All Donald Trump knows how to do is win! Go Trump !" I do love winning!
": Trump is the only cand talking about building a wall on the border Thats getting great attention Go Trump
": Id be proud to say the first President I voted for was "
": : oh yeah you dont want it to be all about Trump- hes not
": ? You do realize isnt the enemy - is."
": "
": Donald Trump is full of honesty and sincerity_on the other hand Hillary is a total liar_"
": winner Trump. get use to it.Trump2016"
I will be on tonight on at PM and PM.
: New Hampshire poll shows % say they feel can BEST handle the .
: Fueled by national rage at and his proven ability to get things done, political ascent continues:
"92-year-old registers to vote for first time, says will vote for Trump"
: Gawker published number to annoy him the next day, the candidate made sure their plan backfired:
: Today we spoke with Donald Trump about his rising leads in the polls and his strategy for Thursdays debate. VIDEO:
Thank you ! Call me on my cellphone and listen to my campaign message.
Diligence is the mother of good luck. -- Benjamin Franklin
" That is why I like Mr. Trump he speaks the truth and stands by it."
" we the people are making it quite clear Donald is the Peoples choice, we want truthfulness"
: takes massive lead in WSJ twice the support of
: TRUMP SURGES - takes double digit lead in GOP presidential race Jerome Corsi
: Good Morning! Real Clear Politics Polling Data Average w/ addition of Bloomberg Poll. . http:_
Will be interviewed on at :3O. Enjoy!
": TRUMP STANDS FOR TRUTH"
": Trump continues to rise in the polls! The American People are speaking and speaking loudly. "
": Trump is surging, leading,&amp; breaking EVERY poll because
": Trump opens his mouth, his numbers go up. When Hillary does it, hers go down. Must be something to it."
: FOX NEWS POLL: New high for Donald Trump, new low for Hillary Clinton
: New WSJ/NBC poll finds almost every GOP candidate losing ground except for Donald Trump.
Thank you for your nice comments on . A lot of progress is being made!
: FOX NEWS POLL RELEASED. %. Jeb Bush %. Scott Walker %
: POLL: TRUMP CRUSHES BUSH AND WALKER COMBINED, FAVORABILITY ROCKETS TO %
My question for the other candidates-
" Like Trump more &amp; more everyday, he is saying what we all need to hear &amp; understand, He loves USA"
We cannot solve our problems with the same thinking we used when we created them. -- Albert Einstein
: .. Tomorrow on
New Poll Shows Donald Trump Blowing Everyone Else Out of the Water.
: . Surges in NBC News/WSJ Poll;GOP hopefuls to take center stage this week-Who makes top ? http:_
It came out that Huma Abedin knows all about Hillarys private illegal emails. Humas PR husband, Anthony Weiner, will tell the world.
. Thanks Judy for the wonderful statements on . Great seeing you there &amp; you did a fabulous job on commentary.
. Thanks for nice comments over weekend re Turnberry. You and your husband have fantastic taste! Also, great commentary.
Despite the false story about Jeb Bush being happy with the Trump surge, he fell more than anybody &amp; is miserable.
Wow, did the fall into the Bush trap where his people convinced them how happy he was that I was hurting other candidates &amp; not him
: Days before the first Republican Presidential debate, surges to the lead among other GOP contenders htt_
" We have to vote for ! Our nation cant afford another ! "
": I cant wait to be able to tell my kids I voted for __ "
": Its a trailblazing campaign A campaign that connects to people!"
": youll be the first person I ever vote for. "
Bush is pretending that the "Trump surge" is great for him and the is reporting Bush "delight" - con job, a Bush nightmare!
": huge supporter out here in Alaska! Lets make this country great again!"
": How will anybody beat Isis besides Trump. They have never made a deal with another country, Trump beats everyone all the time."
": WE LOVE U TRUMP"
": will win every state in . "
": Ive been supporting you since I was can I get a fav or something "
": got up extra early to watch Mr. Trumps interview " Great.
": Thats early here in Vegas, but I set my DVR!!! "
": and their siblings must be proud of their father. Mr "
": .: "Polls show [ would] be the GOP nominee if the vote was held today." "
": TRUMP !! PERIOD....."
": Only those who arent brain-dead. Time to take back our country &amp; Mr. Trump is the ONLY man who can."
": AMERICA WANTS TRUMP"
": - ____"
": looking forward to it!"
": Ill be watching it. Cant wait until you become our president Trump."
": RT : I will be interviewed on tomorrow morning at :00. Enjoy!"
": Trumps the Man of !"
": There is no way President Trump loses this election. He will win by historical landslide. Will be greatest ever!" Thanks
": Mr. Trump you are the next President of the United States. And the next President Reagan.God Bless America
": Well be watching. ! Will : "
": Donald Trump summed up in one word.....TRAILBLAZER !!!" Thanks.
": Congratulations on leading the polls currently and for acquiring the Center Stage Position In The Upcoming Debates!"
I will be interviewed on tomorrow morning at :00. Enjoy!
": Amen! GOP elite called Reagan a cowboy, B- movie actor, dangerous,unelectable.Trump!
": DOMINATING SOCIAL MEDIA! twitter edge "
": The GOP TREETED Reagan the same way. Until he beat em then turned into ass kissers
": He has MY vote too! "
": "
": . will get things done for America "
I wish good luck to all of the Republican candidates that traveled to California to beg for money etc. from the Koch Brothers. Puppets?
: Just another day at the "office". Very proud of my father,
: On Why He Scares The GOP Establishment
: ICYMI from the big interview ahead of the big debate:
: Thanks for outstanding soc media engagement today. GOP Debate just days. I think we got a glimpse into front runner_
: on Healthcare.. "repeal and replace Obamacare".. Cashinin now
: "We have to and build up our military" Cashinin
: .: "Polls show [ would] be the GOP nominee if the vote was held today."
Watch my interview with on today at :30AM ET
: Poll Released % % % % http:/_
" is worth more than ALL of the other Presidential candidates combined and plenty more."
: _..And much more_Cashiinin Special aET Saturday, Fox News.
: Real Clear Politics Polling Data Average Scott Walker Jeb Bush Marco Rubio http:_
" Trump is polling well because he speaks his mind. Not like some of the career politicians hes running against. Cowards."
: : great pic &amp; great men
" Difference Between Politicians and ls Are Bought &amp; Paid For. Trump Cant be Bought, Bullied or Bribed!"
If you think you can do a thing or think you cant do a thing, youre right. -- Henry Ford
Wow, some new and even greater polls--thank you!
Will be leaving Trump Turnberry tomorrow--place &amp; Womens British Open are great. Will be back hitting hard tomorrow.
Should not raise taxes in Wisconsin, but massive budget deficit. Education, roads, etc suffering. lies.
: The last time Trump got this much attention, it was and he was on the cover of Newsweek
: Exclusive &amp; extensive. Answers to a long list of questions for the GOP front runner aE Sat Fox http:_
: "Im number one in the polls." says his campaign is going amazing.
Thank you for your service!
Thank you.
: . _ . __cc:
: Trump to offer children rides in his chopper at Iowa State Fair!
The polls have been consistently great. The silent majority is speaking. Politicians are failing. !
: "Im not a debater. I get things done." -://
I look forward to the debate on Thursday night &amp; it is certainly my intention to be very nice &amp; highly respectful of the other candidates.
Just at a news conference from Trump Turnberry in Scotland. Everybody was there &amp; will be all over television tonite. Back on trail Saturday
Carl Cameron is the only reporter I know who consistently fumbles &amp; misrepresents poll results. He has been so wrong &amp; he hates it!
" The alpha male in the race: has real success stories, tons of money, confident, &amp; hes his own backer"
" The only candidate who will not owe favors to campaign contributors"
" Hes not for sale like the politicians are! Thats why he gives us truth! Trump for Prez! "
: Fact_ has made more $ than all of the other candidates combined. Trump knows how make it. The others know how_
: Former Rudy Giuliani on &amp; his run for . Lets w ! http:_
: The Reagan Trump images are inspiring. The sense something better for America is coming in http:/_
: . BREAKS RECORDS in poll history--LARGEST share of support Quinnipiac recorded in years.
: Trump tops another presidential poll -
" we love &amp; thankful"
: We read it all ! Thank you!! Lets with as our th ! http:/_
: Florida Poll: beats and
: New : tops GOP pack
: National Republican Primary Polls tracked by Huffington Post have their favorite candidate http:/_
": I love the fact you cant be "bought"..."
": Just updated voter registration in FL "
": Latinos for Trump believes in Trump"
: of the most successful businessman EVER is willing give up what he worked his entire life4 http:_
Getting ready to leave for my GREAT resort, Turnberry, in Scotland. Hosting The Womens British Open (biggest tournament). Will be back Sat.
I really like the Koch Brothers (members of my P.B. Club), but I dont want their money or anything else from them. Cannot influence Trump!
Thank you.
People like lawyer Elizabeth Beck and failed writer Harry Hurt &amp; others talk about me but know nothing about mecrazy!
How can a dummy dope like Harry Hurt, who wrote a failed book about me but doesnt know me or anything about me, be on TV discussing Trump?
Trump Will Make America GREAT!!!!
... while Tom Brady is guilty because he REPLACED his LEGAL cellphone?
Per : Why does Hillary Clinton get the benefit of the doubt (after she DESTROYS her illegal email server) ...
: Shock Poll: Leads Jeb Bush in -
: released their statewide Republican Primary Election Survey. is http:_
: I have always loved Florida...
Via by : Shock poll: Donald Trump leads Jeb Bush -20% _ in Florida
" You are blowing everyone else away. Not just ahead, but doubling. Wow."
This is an outrage! Bias-Free Language Guide claims the word American is problematic -- WHAT?!
: While is not just yet, note we do receive your emails of ALL issues along border, like below. http:_
: While establishment spend a fortune on TV TRUMP HAS SPENT ZERO and is CRUSHING THEM
" Trumps work ethic gives me hope - hes a tireless and smart worker: a winner not a whiner."
: Its a great day in the camp as great American leaders step forward in support of Me,too! http:/_
I truly LOVE all of the millions of people who are sticking with me despite so many media lies. There is a great SILENT MAJORITY looming!
Thank you for throwing the pathetic reporter from the failing and money losing Daily Beast off the air. Really cool!
: Mark Cuban praises : The best thing to happen to politics in a long time
: The Trump effect: As rises, almost all other GOP candidates fall
So many people who know nothing about me are commenting all over T.V. and the media as though they have great D.J.T. insight. Know NOTHING!
. Why is somebody (Beck) I beat so soundly all of a sudden an expert on Donald Trump (all over television). She knows nothing about me.
.CNN &amp; Lawyer Elizabeth Beck did a terrible job against me, she lost (I even got legal fees). I loved beating her,she was easy
Lawyer Elizabeth Beck was easy for me to beat. Ask her clients if they are happy with her results against me. Got total win and legal fees.
. &amp; did not say that lawyer Beck lost the case and I got legal fees. Also, she wanted to breast pump in front of me at dep.
": Mr.Trump,I am thrilled you are running for President of USA.You are the only man for the job!!!
Public Policy Polling (PPP) has just come out with a major poll putting me with Hispanics - leading all Republican candidates.Told you so
": .DonaldTrump leads w/ Hispanics. Christie, who supported in-state tuition illegals -scrape bottom. "
Via by : "TRUMP: OBAMA SHOULDNT ATTACK AMERICANS OVERSEAS, HILLARYS EMAIL WAS CRIMINAL"
A nation WITHOUT BORDERS is not a nation at all. We must have a wall. The rule of law matters. Jeb just doesnt get it.
: . leads w/ Hispanics. Huckabee &amp; Christie - who supported in-state tuition illegals -scrape bottom. http:_
: make sure you tune in to ON THE RECORD at pm - is my guest
While Im beating my opponents in the polls, Im also beating lobbyists, special interests &amp; donors that are supporting them with billions.
Governments first duty is to protect the people, not run their lives. Ronald Reagan
We can make Washington work for us. Its time for real leadership. Lets !
Obamas nuclear deal with the Iranians will lead to a nuclear arms race in the Middle East. It has to be stopped.
Via : Trump Doubled Down -- and It Worked
: PLUNDER AND DECEIT via by
Via cnsnews by : Trump Explains His Appeal: People Are Tired...Of These Incompetent Politicians
: Trump holds sizable lead in New Hampshire, new poll finds
. will go down as one of the dumbest &amp; most dangerous misjudgments ever entered into in history of our countryincompetent leader!
Via by Poll: Trump has twice the support of Bush in New Hampshire
My int. with on Obama being all talk &amp; no action &amp; making America Great Again!
We must protect our veterans.
Thank you for your nice words. I am rapidly becoming a fan!
After all is said and done, more is said than done. -- Aesop
: National Republican Primary Polls tracked by have their favorite candidate, http:_
: . is in with %! coming in at /2 of that with %.
" The people of NH know what the American people know: Trump is the only one with any CLUE about how to fix things"
: Poll: Trump leads GOP field by double-digits in New Hampshire
: Im not controlled by special interests and lobbyists and donors. I dont need any money, Im using my own money. -
: .: "People are sick and tired of incompetent politicians running our country!"
: New poll: doubles in New Hampshire
": veterans for Trump "
": McCain hasnt done anything for the Vets; fact! He only talks about himself! _"
": toast. Dems had better get the"B Team" off the bench. for Attorney General under President Trump
. was fantastic tonight on . Thank you, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you for the great job you did on . Great energy and smarts! I will not let you down.
: You do not want miss tonight pm on ! __ http:/_
": We love him! I love his truth telling. That hes so real and calls it how he sees it. "
":Jeb &amp; Hillary could stand to learn a thing or two from about making America great again
Will be interviewed tonight on at :00. There is so much to talk about!
Bostons Mayor Walsh wasted a lot of time and money on going for the Olympics, and then he gave up. I dont want him negotiating for me!
": Donald Trump leads in new polls.. "
Ill be on tonight at PM and look forward to it. Lots to discuss! Enjoy.
Be in Turnberry on Thurs AM for start of Womens British Open, one of worlds great golf tournaments. Back soon to !
I own Turnberry, in Scotland, one of great resorts in world. Womens British Open there this week. Ill go for two days &amp; back on trail.
" The Media hates Trump b/c hes a Proud American Entrepreneur who loves his country, wants others succeed &amp; calls out their lies"
. who couldnt get elected dog catcher in NH forgot to mention my phenomenal biz success rate: %
" Twitter loves Trump. s of retweets for Mr. Trump while gets to !"
Thanks Lou.
: Donald has never been about entertainment,Donald is about results_
Veterans, please call - VETS- or email address veterans.com to share your stories about the need to reform the VA.
: The says is "entertainment." They love ! http:_
We must build a wall to secure our border. It will save lives and help Make America Great Again!
: GREAT meetings in Washington DC! Stopped by the White House &amp; left a message from ! http:/_
Iowans Drawn to Donald Trump Praise His Antiestablishment Bent via by &amp;
Via by : Strong Showings for Donald Trump in Iowa and New Hampshire Polls
" More people r gravitating to because theyre tired of all the usual BS"
Thanks.
" No wonder why is ahead in the presidential polls.. People are tired of the same old crap from Washington!"
. While I think you should have gone to prison for what you did, I guess Obama saved you. But watch I will win!
" Everyone else have fun being politically correct. Meanwhile, is speaking the truth. "
" is the real deal. Hes not running for his health. Believes in the Red White &amp; Blue."
" Were with you, Mr. Trump.... The country needs your straight forward, no BS style!"
" I dont get the media??Trump is ahead in every poll, but wont give him credit, they say he wont make it?? % of us say yes"
" If career politicians would think past their own egos, theyd know why is resonating w/ppl."
" youre damn right we want the truth,weve been lied to years and weve had it."
When people find out how bad a job Scott Walker has done in WI, they wont be voting for him. Massive deficit, bad jobs forecast, a mess.
Great news, Im now leading in most polls w/ new CNN poll also having me . NBC, I am in NH by a lot, in Iowa, close &amp; gaining.
" Caught speech from Iowa. Why is the media portraying him so poorly? Guy has passion, great ideas."
Thank you, Greta.
Thank you, Wayne Root -- we will !
: Donald Trump gives us Hope. We support Trump in NC.
: / ppl want straight truth,not lies &amp; inaction. in on th_
: EVP to : Be careful what you wish for -- is beatable.
": Mr Trump youre a breath of fresh air all these career politicians are not doing the business for the people"
": DonaldTrump Iowa speech excellent. Particularly the end about Israel and Iran. More foreign policy please. You have my vote.
": Agreed! We need you!"
": Ive been awake, but now see a chance of real hope with Trump."
": Great speech in Iowa....Obama/Kerry throw Israel under the bus."
": Obama is in Africa pledging billion dollars to help them. How about that money to help America. Trump for POTUS."
": Before Mr. Trumps Presidential bid, I was leaning toward Walker! Glad I was saved from stepping in something TERRIBLE."
": I know seniors that are in s and go to shooting ranges weekly to protect their family and self !"
": Washington politicians are either dishonest or incompetent. Must be, since yrs of LAWLESSNESS in WH are ignored."
": We SHALL make America great again."
": ScottWalker THANK YOU FOR SAYING WHAT THE MEDIA HASNT SAID ABOUT WALKER. Wisconsin is a hot mess and its his fault."
": will shake up politics like no other ever could or will. "
": Team Trump all the way!"
: As touched down discuss borders captured drugs being smuggled in2 !http:_
: TRUMP LOVES... DRUDGE
: NBCNEWS POLL: HES NOT SLOWING DOWN...
": "Our leaders are dummies. They dont know whats going on. Its true, theyre incompetent. "
": America needs ! "
": Outsider Donald Trump assesses &amp; addresses major American problems. What has Congress been doing for the past years?"
": The lion does not concern himself with the opinion of sheep"
": Politician Have Been Running(Ruining) America For Years; Lets Change That Now -Trump - iluvamerica4trump2016.com"
": . You understand McCain is a RINO Senator who voters cant stand &amp; whos over stayed his welcome?"
" MSM cant push DonaldTrump around. No More PC Political Hacks!
": Silent Warriors Trump - Vets! Lets Take America Back! - silentwarriors4trump2016.com"
": I Luv America Trump - Lets Make America Great Again! - iluvamerica4trump2016.com"
": attack Walker on Common Core. State grassroots not happy with him on CC inaction."
": JebBush I think we the people would prefer many other choices over jeb...."
": Putin knows that Obama is a danger to the world. Putin will respect President Trump" True!
": In full support of for ! No reason he shouldnt win the nomination.
": and Walker is destroying once great Wisconsin universities.
": unless u got cheese for brains you are not voting for walker ! NEXT"
": .DonaldTrump: Ask why he left + WI jobs on the table due to a political deal with the Potawatomi
": Im a th generation American of Spanish descent I support DonaldTrump Hispanic DOESNT mean ILLEGAL
. is a nice guy, but not presidential material. Wisconsin is in turmoil, borrowing to the hilt, and doing poorly in jobs etc.
": vets tired of McCain using them as talking points and photo ops, AND NOTHING BEING DONE."
": AMEN. Thank you Trump"
": College students love trump. Never change." Great.
": GIVE THEM HELL."
": I just listened to this speech and loved it!"
": Trump is the only candidate who doesnt test his statements before focus groups to be sure no one is offended. True
": He built up his company to be prosperous and successful. Why cant he do the same with America? "
": DonaldTrump-Love him! Its time to run America like a business. Weve given all our wealth to China n Mexico!! No more!
": Hats off to for sticking it to liberal msm. " A horrible newspaper, failing badly.
": If I were Walker, Id be afraid of Trump outing his yr support of amnesty, benefits, pathway for illegals"
": veterans for Trump "
": Whoa! shoots up to % in YouGov from % two wks ago; outperforms McCain in favorables among Vets. Great
": Please dont change a thing. Your attitude is exactly what this country needs.No tip-toeing, this man tells it how it is!"
": Tweet of the Hour in USA politics by "
": you got my vote" Thanks.
": TRUMP ON JOBS. pls rt "
Always great to speak with Veterans - our nations heroes. We will Make America Great Again!
Great success in Iowa today. Fantastic sold out crowd. Will be back soon!
: ~ DOUBLE DIGIT LEADER SPEECH TODAY IN _ TRUMP %
: Trumpian populism: "I read where Jeb Bush raised over $100 million. If you think those people arent expecting a lot, your_
Packed venue of people who want to
Supporters waiting to hear me speak in Oskaloosa, Iowa.
. despite your coming to my office to give me an award, your very dumb fundraiser hit me very hard--- not smart!
. Congratulations on your engagement --- he is a lucky guy. You are a true winner and will be an amazing couple.
. is a big contributor to . Anybody against Planned Parenthood should boycott racial profiling Macys.
Isnt it funny that I am now in the money losing (poll), and by a big margin. Dummy must be thrilled!
The ultra liberal and seriously failing Des Moines Register is BEGGING my team for press credentials to my event in Iowa today-but they lie!
": Trump in office restores US swagger."
": Donald Trump if he stops running for president hes not what we the people think he is." Will never happen!
": the Donald is crushing it"
Big poll just out by has me in st. place by a lot. A great honor but we have a long way to go to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Getting ready to go to Iowa today. Big crowd - will be a great day!
": WHAT U REALLY SHOULD B ANGRY ABT IS THE INVASION OF MILLIONS OF ILLEGALS TKING OVER AMERICA! NOT DonaldTrump
": youre going to turn America around Donald I can feel it"
": Please Mr. Trump keep the pressure on and bring change to this country!!!!!"
": MY GOD! WHY cant the GOP see that Trump is doing this solely R country! He HAD a VERY comfortable life!"
": In my Lifetime Ive Never Seen Americans Energized, Excited about Voting. Woke up about Million people
": if trump is not on that stage no one will watch" So true!
": Reaganomics created million new jobs and Trumpenomics will create million more"
": If not for Donald, whod watch GOP upcoming debate? SOUR GRAPES
": I hear same doubters as I heard when Reagan ran against Carter. Press said hed lose. Reagan WON.
": Even young conservatives support because he is the right choice for this country and my generation"
: Thanks to Donald Trump for his kind tweet re my book, Plunder &amp; Deceit
Via by : "DONALD TRUMP SURGES TO COMMANDING LEAD IN POST-MCCAIN BACKLASH POLL"
Isnt it amazing that paid a massive fine for profiling African Americans--&amp; then criticized me for discussing illegal immigration!
Thank you . Its time to ! I hope you are doing well!
. has written a great book, Plunder and Deceit. He powerfully analyzes issues that are crucial to us today. Read it!
" I appreciate that you dont apologize when someone is "offended" by what you say. "
True!
: If memory serves me right, Ronald Reagan followed a very similar path/resul_
True, thanks.
": Via Economist/YouGov "
" Finally someone who is not sugar coating the mess in this country!!!"
" Mr Trump thanks for saying what millions are thinking. We need to turn America around if we want to save her."
" /2 of new California drivers licenses go to undocumented immigrants. Read the Sac Bee, July th. Go getem, Trump!"
It is time to send someone from the outside to fix DC from the inside. Lets Make America Great Again!
Be sure to get a copy of new book, American Hunter.
From an amazing day on the border in Laredo.
Arriving to check out the border.
: . ordered flags be lowered all of his USA properties the other day, in honor of the servicemen__ http:_
I love Bluffton, SC, what a great place -- what great people.
DC has shrunk our military and exploded our country with debt. We cant send another politician to the White House
: Exclusive .: Iran Deal An Outrage, GOP Congress Thats Weak As Much To Blame As Obama
When will anyone be held accountable for the VA scandal? The politicians are experts in never facing any consequence.
. watched you on . You were great and I appreciate the nice statements. Im sending out for your new book now!
Great read: How New Yorks Veterans Day Parade Became Americas Parade
" Heres a crazy thought. Maybe Trump is gaining traction because HES RIGHT?"
" What frightens them abt Trump is his totally NON POLITICAL CORRECT nature~Donald is shaking up the house!"
: Why does resonate with many evangelicals? The answer from here. Read.
: Full clip of last nights appearance on
True.
: front-runner launches2 a double digit lead in National Primary Polls.
: Donald Trump: Planned Parenthood Should Absolutely be De-Funded
": clearly puts this country first! Security, vets, economy and wont bow down to other world leaders!
": Please be careful there, the boarder is a dangerous place according to those who live near there."
Thoughts &amp; prayers with everyone in Lafayette, Louisiana this evening.
Youre just not getting there . Sometimes things just dont work out, but dont worry--- no problem!
": Been a long time since Ive cared abt politics since the GOP been a disaster. Thats changed bc of YOU. Love U! "
: front-runner, press conference at the border. :/_
: I think Ill get the nomination...
. watched youon . Made some excellent points. Best Wishes.
" Dont let the press put words in your mouth! Awesome job at the border! Youre doing great!"
" If all the Hispanics hate the , why was he surrounded by so many Hispanics at the border?"
" I like . He isnt fake. He tells you the truth not "what you wanna hear".
: Final stop now for in He is thanking Border Patrol right now.
: turn on Fox News - is live from the border
Great!
: Another rather pathetic smattering of protesters.
: A union of border patrol agents says they will not accompany on his trip.
" is the only candidate that isnt politically correct and that speaks the truth on whats on his mind!"
" is exactly what we need. He says what the others are too afraid to say! Im for him %." Thanks.
Thanks.
" Mr. Trump thank you! For having a clue and not being afraid of what others think or say about you. I want my country back!"
True!
" Michael Cohen on Wolf Blitzer _
"afe travels DonaldTrump Cant wait to hear the report later today! TY for all you are doing to take this Country back
": please be careful" Thank you!
": Plz stay safe dear Sir, the World needs you.Your competition is no more presidential than an alley cat is a mountain lion."
": Keep telling it like it is. Refreshing no political BS"
Getting ready to lift off for Laredo. Will land at P.M. Should be exciting and informative!
. Bill, your small and slightly failing magazine will be a giant success when you finally back Trump. Country will soar!
What a waste of time being interviewed by when he puts on really stupid talking heads likeTim OBrien-dumb guy with no clue!
": Media attacking you early this morning. A GOOD SIGN!America is proud of you for ignoring the MEDIA &amp; telling it like it is!"
": Congress Cant Find Money for Veterans *Houses, Feeds, Educates, Provide Drs for illegals *Gives Iran over $200 Billion"
": MCCAIN WHO? Give Donald Trump Standing Ovation _"
": Anderson Cooper only wants to hear his answers. Mr. Trump tells the truth and cant be bought Democrat for Trump"
": You just keep doing what you are doing Don. You have reignited my hope. Thank You, sir." Great.
Boycott , no guts, no glory. Besides, there are far better stores!
": We the people are so tired of all the guys talking the same old same Donald will back up his words!!!!"
. Has the absolutely worst anti-Trump talking heads on his show. Dopey writer Obrian knows nothing about me or my wealth. A waste!
": I am a veteran from Arizona John McCain voted to give illegal Aliens benefits &amp; take them from disabled Vets"
": The other candidates are scared. Trump tells it like it is. Maybe rich, but talks like he is an everyday Joe"
": America Hears You Donald!!! And The People You Are Running Against Will Hear All Of Us Soon! Donald Donald
": Hey check out Access Hollywood: " Thank you Dan Rather, we have just begun!
. you were terrific on tonight. I am going to the border tomorrow.
": mr trump, thank you for getting the American people excited about politics again!!!"
": We dont know Trump positions &amp; hes dominating polls. should learn we dont want soft PC Focus Group driven speeches
": I am not impressed with Luntz. Never have been. What makes him an expert - he has a good racket going."
. knows nothing about me or my religion. Came to my office looking for work. I had NO interest. I will save the vets!
": Donald Trump was Right ! McCain amongst other RNCs voted to cut US Military Veterans Pensions. "
": is leaving Rick Perry in the dust,and everyone else for that matter, Donald will be our next POTUS
Via by : "Brody File Exclusive: Donald Trump Comes Out In Support Of Week Abortion Ban"
: .: "The politicians are going to destroy this country" (via )
: . is heading to US-Mexico border &amp; will meet with members of Border Control
Its going to take an outsider to clean up after Clinton, Bush and Obama. Lets Make America Great Again!
Lets Trump the Establishment! We are no longer silent. We will Make America Great Again!
Shouldnt George Will have to give a disclaimer every time he is on Fox that his wife works for Scott Walker?
Will be interviewed by on tonight. Lets see if he treats me fairlyenjoy!
Obama still will keep all military recruitment centers &amp; bases Gun Free Zones! It has to stop. MILITARY LIVES MATTER!
Donald Trump on VA woes: Id fire everybody; you fix it by getting Trump elected via by
Via BreitbartNews by : DONALD TRUMP HEADING TO TEXAS BORDER
: Amen! has drawn more attention to Veterans issues in week than these politicians have in decades!
Thank you for your commentary last night on . Very fair -- we are making progress together!
Im going to the BORDER tomorrow. Will be seeing some really brave people. Look forward to a big day!
. in my office last cycle playing nice and begging for my support and money. Hypocrite!
True, thanks.
" keep punching, Donald! Trump it!! Trump is telling the truth!"
: Presidential Candidate, continues surge. National Polls.
": Will be the the Leader that everyone wants! Cant be sold and speaks the truth! Everyone run! "
": No matter what says the media and the republican establishment will attack it. Time for something that works!
"naldTrump reminds me of Reagan his first time.Everyone was like "is he for real" Yup! Libs hate him and make fun of him. IM ON BOARD
": Donald Trump is the new Ronald Reagan!" Thank you.
": I dont care what people say, I love confidence"
":If you dont want Trump as president, then you dont want what your great grandfather fought so hard for
": Mr. Trump has the stones to tell the truth about this country! no more career politicians
": In God we trust and in Donald we trust, Donald will make America second to none in every aspect known to man!
: Donald Trump vs. Lindsey Graham match ends in a KO:
: INTERVIEW: calls for defunding, says fire everyone at VA, denies rd party run
: HURT: Teflon Don...
: Donald Trump is thanked by a woman whose son was killed by an illegal immigrant
: What do you think about this that Donald Trump did?
: A selection of Donald Trump one-liners from South Carolina campaign stop:
": Many are missing the point, the US needs to get things done. Instead they focus on sensation and media.
": Trump is the Alpha of the candidates, the rest are betas! "
I hear a failing New York newspaper is going to publish one of my old cell phone numbers. So original - just one of many!
": tell your owner Murdoch we are turning Fox off if he keeps belittling . No Fox!
Great day today in South Carolina. Fantastic capacity crowd, amazing people!
: Poll: voters favor Trump over all other Republican candidates
Via : Mother of Murdered Teen Thanks Donald Trump During Senate Hearing
My response to the failing Des Moines Register, the ultra liberal paper that has no power in Iowa
" All Talk No Walk. Old Politics. Lets Go "
" dont get discouraged, keep telling the truth. Your detractors cant handle the truth."
: This is what a crowd of over South Carolinians who want to Make America Great Again looks like!
" GOP establishment forgets that Donald does not speak nor act like a retail politician."
Im glad President Obama followed my lead and lowered the flags half-staff. Its about time!
" Any candidate that says Trump or anyone else should step down for speaking his mind should himself step down."
Flags to be flown at Half-Staff at all Trump Properties in Honor of the Five Fallen Soldiers-
: . campaign launches hotline for members via Breitbart Breitbart News
Response to the Des Moines Register-
Via by &amp; : "Disavowed by GOP leaders, Trump has supporters cheering"
. Youre one of the truly great competitiors. Ive said it for years. Great going winning - Not surprised!
. is much smarter than sleepy eyes Thanks to Steve Bannon &amp; real reporters.
: Poll: surges to big lead in primary -
Rick Perry did an absolutely horrible job of securing the border. He should be ashamed of himself. Gov. Abbott has since been terrific.
Good luck to my new friends on your testimony in DC. You are amazing people doing something so important--- stopping illegal immigration!
" Trump has no problem telling it how it is, isnt that what everyone has been wanting from a President? "
: LIMBAUGH: American people havent seen something like this in long time...
: Supporters cheering...
Just got great national poll numbers - double digit lead! Thank you, we will all MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
": support surges even higher after statement. Why? Trump is a fighter. "
": If Donald Trump isnt my president by Im gettin the h**k outta here! "
": I truly love this Land of the Free and I know that DonaldTrump will cut through the confusion and Make America Great Again!"
": Vietnam Veterans Against McCain-"
": The reason Trump is the man... He wants Americans to work not illegal aliens. they live better than we do illegally.
": has the balls to say what needs to be said and I love it"
": Donald Trump is the man. And people dont appreciate his honesty. " Thank you.
": Im &amp; I KNOW without a doubt that DonaldTrump is THE ONLY ANSWER to get the out of this mess!
": Im a veteran. Im not offended by Trump"
": Im very sure that does things excellently "
": "Cant Be Bought" - "
": but McCain is not a hero. McCain abandoned POW McCain lies."
": check out mccains record on blocking legislation - blocking Mia/pow records"
": "
": Phoenix VA, led the league in scandals! McCain knew! Did nothing!"
": doesnt need the influence peddlers money so he can be his own man" So true.
": Well get your facts straight. McCain was so bad he gave us Obama. He gave arms to Islamic terrorists"
": Keep going on, you can win!"
Wow, new / preference poll has DonaldTrump points up! Thank you.
": FOX NEWS-Get your facts straight! Trump did not put down Vets-he put down a clown named McCain!
": your the only person who really wants to save America"
": ive never felt more strongly about anything in my life, you are the only person who can truly fix America"
": Ben Carson has not criticized Trump! And theres no need to mention Dr. Carsons education!"
": we need your help Donald! Make us great again!"
": The more the media attacks you, the more I know you are the right person for the job."
": Proud of you keep cutting through the and tell it like it is"
": Keep going Mr trump America needs you"
": America needs !!! "
": Not a huge surprise all day T.V. is all about and nothing about BernieSanders
": Your the opening story on every political show,radio or tv.
": You nailed it on tonite. You say what most middle class folks YELL at their TV every night - you speak us"
": Im convinced. Lets go Trump. "
": Youre killing Jeb in the polls! Keep it up!"
": !
": . - u hit a home run on THE FACTOR"
": ON TOP The GOP, Democrats and media have all hit Heres the result: "
": It doesnt matter what the media thinks--It matters what the American people think Keep It Up! "
": Im going to listen to LONG before I listen to georgelopez "
": SenJohnMcCain is always talking, talking but nothing gets done. These are living in hell. ""
": Ill watch anything that gives you a chance to share your views. Go donald."
": Great interview! Give Trump a hot mic and watch out! It is the rawness, the non-PC guy. "
I will be interviewed on tonight at :00. Will be talking about the poor treatment of our veterans, illegal immigration, etc.
: , releases poll pET with at % &amp; nd place coming in at %... http:_
: Were on snapchat! Add us for behind the scenes photos &amp; videos on the campaign trail in SC! http:/_
Look how small the pages have become . Looks like a tabloidsaving money I assume!
This story is no longer about John McCain, its about our horribly treated vets. Illegals are treated better than our wonderful veterans.
It was only after I informed NBC that I wouldnt do the Apprentice that they became upset w/ me. They couldnt care less about inclusion"
" I agree %. McCain is fighting for illegal immigrant but never did anything for our Vets."
: Full clip from this mornings segment on New Day with talking and
" ...rest of GOP only cries but Trump gets stuff DONE"
" the left is petrified of you! Why else would they be attacking you so vigorously?"
" Trump already hosts vets at his resorts. What does Hillary do?"
" Trump says things that no one else would even consider saying, I agree with him on the immigration situation, i love honesty"
" I believe we have passed that point. There are Homeless Veterans in USA &amp; yet Illegal Aliens get Government Housing"
" hosts events around the our . Long before a presidential run. He loves our military."
" This is big criticism of the Republican field. Speak truth and stop being so PC. This is why resonates!"
" At least were talking about the ! We werent a month ago! "
We will soon be at a point with our incompetent politicians where we will be treating illegal immigrants better than our veterans.
The ever dwindling which is worth about /10 of what it was purchased for, is always hitting me politically. Who cares!
": Glad U R Man Enough Speak the Truth in this Pathetic Politically Correct World!
": Trump is the only person we believe will actually set things right."
": RT : My piece: "Trump: I dont need to be lectured" "
": The truth hurts sometimes, who cares...keep telling it like it is!!"
": you have the guts and backbone this country politics has needed for years. "
": Will make the best President ever"
": Keep it up Donald.. America needs a Winner not a Whiner..."
": WE LOVE YOU TRUMP!!! TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT! "
": ...what do you say now??? "
": Voters LIKE "tough and smart"... thats why we are voting TRUMP !!"
": Gotta love the honesty"
": trump for president "
": thats all the career politicians do is talk"
": ...RN for yrs. Veterans have less benefits than medicaid recipients. Thnx for speaking"
": Bravo for saying whats on most of Americans mind. Lets make America great, again!"
": The left wing politically correct cannot handle big don giving the truth....reality....keep saying it like it is !!!!"
": They cant handle you Donald so want you out the race, well good luck,because we know you wont walk away! Give it to them"
": McCain epitomizes the career politicians who have gotten us into our $19 TRILLION train-wreck, including the VA debacle."
My piece: "Trump: I dont need to be lectured"
I will be making some very big campaign stops next week - big crowds and tremendous energy! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
The Republican Party must get tougher and smarter, and fast, or it will go down to a very big defeat - just like the last two times!
A true piece about the standing ovations I got yesterday
The Veterans Administration is in shambles and our veterans are suffering greatly. John McCain has done nothing to help them but talk.
John McCain called thousands of people "crazies" when they came to seek help on illegal immigration last week in Phoenix. He owes apology!
: Fact Check: The Washington Post on Donald Trump &amp; John McCain via
": Why do they attack Mr Trump? Because he has something they dont. The ability of truth! Trump is here!"
": Mr Trump the only one telling the truth. Liberals cant stand the fact that your are leading in the poll"
": kick there ass Trump"
": Im on the "
": Because she shoots straight like you do, Mr Trump. No bullsh!t. Just TRUTH! "
Wow, just wrote the definitive piece on what I said about John McCain
One of the reasons I am no fan of John McCain is that our Vets are being treated so badly by him and the politicians. I will fix VA quickly.
Via : Donald Trump: John McCain Is A Loser
Why would anybody listen to ? He lost an election that should have easily been won against Obama. By the way,so did John McCain!
Congrats to the new Gov. of Texas, , for taking a tough &amp; bold stance at the border. Should have been done long ago by Perry.
I have a proven track record supporting our Veterans. Veterans deserve universal access to care. VA scandal proves politicians are inept.
....that has served our country is put on a waiting list and gets no care.
Its a national embarrassment that an illegal immigrant can walk across the border and receive free health care and one of our Veterans.....
I will make this right for our great Vets!
All he does is go on television is talk, talk, talk, but incapable of doing anything.
....John McCain has failed miserably to fix the situation and to make it possible for Veterans to successfully manage their lives.
The Veterans of our country have been treated like third class citizens for many years...
Captured or not, all our soldiers are heroes!
In addition to doing a lousy job in taking care of our Vets, John McCain let us down by losing to Barack Obama in his run for President!
Just left Family Leadership Summit in Iowa, got a standing ovation from many wonderful people. I will be back soon.
Statement on John McCain-
I am now in Iowa getting ready to speak. People are always amazed to find out that I am Protestant (Presbyterian). GREAT.
The $10 billion (net worth) is AFTER all debt and liabilities. So simple to understand but &amp; is just plain dumb!
Ratings starved and does not cover me accurately. Why cant they get it right - its really not that hard!
Made a speech in Arkansas last night before a record GOP crowd. Great spirit and amazing people. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Its driving &amp; the money losing post crazy that I am in their poll and they only write bad stories about me!
The liberal clown told her minions at the money losing to cover me as enterainment. I am in Huff Post Poll.
": . makes me proud to be an American" So nice, thank you!
": your what America needs Donald!" Thank you.
": it doesnt matter how you vote for Donald, just remember to vote Donald Trump for POTUS
": has all of my support!!"
": The has your back! TRUMP FOR PREZ!"
": if you dont win Im moving to Europe." We will all win together!
": This is the first time in my adult life that I have been excited about an election "
": for our next President !!"
": .I am always on the road. I am gonna do the absentee ballot thing in the primarys and Mr Trump has my vote"
.,Amazing!Thank you.
. really great job handling the wise guys --- so easy for you--- such talent! I wont forget.
Response to Huffington Post-
: You have been a breath of fresh air. Im years old and am basically tired or fed up with the day in day_
: Ive been a customer for over years, your move to distance from is repugnant. Ill no longer patr_
: youve already made sacrifices to lead our country! Thank you for not backing down! We are strong, not weak!_
: Presidential Candidate continues to surge in national polls.
Via
Via by
Via -
: : End zones on bases...
: .: "You have the term Islamic terrorism, which the president refuses to use."
Gods word is the same, yesterday and today and a million years from now. -
Donald Trump was proven right on another one of his top issues Thursday: gun free zones at military bases.
Via March,2013: Jeb said he was open to_pathway for citizenship for illegal immigrants Lying on campaign trail!
We will no longer be silent. We can take our country back! Lets Make America Great Again!
MILITARY LIVES MATTER! END GUN FREE ZONES! OUR SOLDIERS MUST BE ABLE TO PROTECT THEMSELVES! THIS HAS TO STOP!
Looking forward to speaking at the Reagan-Rockefeller Dinner tonight! Record crowd. We are no longer silent! !
I had thousands join me in New Hampshire last night! had . The is fed up with what is going on in America!
": The whole Gov. needs to be remodeled, hes the man for the job. Id love to see him Prez."
": It would be to cool if was the president." Thanks!
": Trump speaks the truth about foolish leaders negotiating and you hate the truth McCain"
Get rid of gun free zones. The four great marines who were just shot never had a chance. They were highly trained but helpless without guns.
: FOXNEWS: TRUMP EXPANDS LEAD IN POLL...
Thoughts and prayers to the families of the four great Marines killed today.
. failed on the border. He should be forced to take an IQ test before being allowed to enter the GOP debate.
. just gave a pollster quote on me. He doesnt understand what the word demagoguery means.
. should be defeated in the primaries. Graduated last in his class at Annapolis--dummy!
The thousands of people that showed up for me in Phoenix were amazing Americans. called them "crazies"--must apologize!
CNN: "New GOP polls show Trumps favorability is up"
No government ever voluntarily reduces itself in size. So governments programs, once launched, never disappear. Ronald Reagan
More Bush cronyism Jeb Bush and the Common Core Money Trail Its the Bush way!
We need leaders who can negotiate great deals for Americans. It is common sense. Lets Make America Great Again!
Leaving for New Hampshire now. Making a speechpacked house. Love it!
The Iran deal poses a direct national security threat. It must be stopped in Congress. Stand up Republicans!
The worst show in Las Vegas, in my opinion, is . Hokey garbage. New York show even worse!
Dopey ODonnell, whose unwatchable show is dying in the ratings, said that my Apprentice $ numbers were wrong. He is a fool!
No deal is better than a bad deal. America out negotiated again.
FLASHBACK Donald Trump Blasts Obama for Failing to Secure Christian Pastors Freedom in Iran" via
Via by : Trump Talks Politics at His Virginia Winery
Via : Trump is Right: Illegal Alien Crime is Staggering in Scope and Savagery
MACYS CUSTOMERS RETALIATE IN SUPPORT OF DONALD TRUMP via by
Is this true about Univision and Fusion? Wow!?!
Via by Steve Bannon: TIME TO GET TOUGH: TRUMPS BLOCKBUSTER POLICY MANIFESTO
" as a legal immigrant Im so glad someone standing up for us, the millions who do things by the book to earn our place here" Thx
" The Democratic party has never given latinos anything! Just manipulate them through Univision."
They are great people!
Thank you.
" I literally give a fist pump when I see tell things the way they are &amp; calling out those with no credibility"
" . And the Donald owes NOTHING to lobbyists."
" Yea, but you know the only problem I see? The Donald is the ONLY one willing to tell it like it is!!"
" we never shopped at Macys anyway &amp; will now encourage three daughters not to as well"
. wasted $400 million + and didnt win one racea total loser.
. You shouldnt have on the airhes a clown with zero credibilitya Bushy!
. Great talking to you and your parentsfantastic people. Keep your sisters very important memory alivebig impact!
. Thank you, you were great. You can defend me anytime. Amazing job.
" GO TRUMP"
I hope the boycott of continues forever. So many people are cutting up their cards. Macys stores suck and they are bad for U.S.A.
I loved firing goofball atheist Penn on The Apprentice. He never had a chance. Wrote letter to me begging for forgiveness.
I hear show on Broadway is terrible. Not surprised, boring guy (Penn). Without The Apprentice, show would have died long ago.
Irrelevant clown sweats and shakes nervously on as he talks "bull" about me. Has zero cred. Made fool of himself in .
": Donald Trump is one of the sexiest men on this planet. Every woman dreams of a good man who tells it like it is." So true!
: Trump: Rove is a clown and a loser
